https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/presidents-welcome/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. Whether you are a current student who is already an important part of our community or looking for the perfect college to pursue your academic interests and occupational dreams, I am honored to welcome you to Union College. With a heritage as rich as ours, it is tempting to focus on the College’s unique role as the first of New Jersey’s eighteen community colleges. Founded in 1933, our local roots run deep, from our humble beginnings when our first classes were taught at night at Abraham Clark High School in Roselle. But the real story celebrates how far the College has evolved in the last eight decades. With four campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield and Scotch Plains and students from 83 countries, our college community represents and reflects one of the most diverse populations in the world. Committed to serving this extraordinary community with pride and enthusiasm, we offer over 60 degree and certificate programs in arts, science and applied science, as well as continuing education, career programs and intensive English language studies.Together our faculty, administrators and staff are united in our mission to educate and empower our students in their quest to learn and to better serve the needs of our community. Like our founders, who created this school to help out-of-work teachers find employment during the Great Depression, we are committed to enhancing the lives of career-minded and transfer-oriented students who deserve and appreciate a stepping stone to a better life. Welcome to Union College. I invite you to learn more about us by exploring this website and visiting our campus. Margaret M. McMenamin, Ed.D.President Messages from the President(click below links to view messages) 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/collegegovernance/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is a body politic established under Chapter 42 of the Laws of 1982, (N.J.S. 18A:64A-50, et seq.) entitled “An Act to provide for the consolidation of certain educational institutions into county colleges and supplementing Title 18A of the New Jersey Statutes.” Union College operates subject to Chapter 48, Laws of 1994, (N.J.S. 18A:3B-1, et seq.) entitled the Higher Education Restructuring Act. The governance, control, conduct management and administration of Union College is “vested in and allocated between the Board of Trustees and Board of Governors” pursuant to Chapter 42 of the Laws of 1982, section 7 (N.J.S. 18A:64A-56); to the Board of Trustees is granted general supervision over the conduct of the College N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-57, and to the Board of Governors is granted an advisory capacity and control over pre 1982 funds and trusts that have not been transferred to the College N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-58. Click here for Trustees, Click here for Governors, Click here for Joint Meetings for the bylaws under which the Boards govern, control, and conduct management and administration of Union College. The Boards of Trustees and Governors have adopted a Code of Ethics, which enumerates the standards to which Board members and employees are accountable, and disclosure requirements for potential conflicts. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/trusteesandgovernors/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College and to information about the Board of Trustees and Board of Governors who are the governing bodies of this wonderful institution. Union College is the first community college in New Jersey and is truly committed to the mission of providing accessible and affordable education for residents of Union. It has been 35 years since I first joined Union College as a member of its governing boards. At that time, it was a newly re-engineered institution of higher learning created by the merger of Union College and the Union Vocational Technical Institute. Since that time, the College has continued to provide an accessible and affordable education to all. My colleagues and I experience great pride in serving on the governing bodies of Union College. I commend the entire college community for their achievements and invite our web visitors to learn more about Union College and the many resources it has to offer. Victor M. Richel, ChairBoard of Trustees 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/code-of-ethics/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College CODE OF ETHICS  Adopted January 23, 1996, amendments adopted January 24, 2006 and December 2, 2014. College Board Members Code of Ethics Employees 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/union-county-board-of-county-commissioners/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Commissioners Serving the County via Union College of Union County, NJ The Union County Board of County Commissioners generously contributed more than $20 million in operating and capital aid to support Union College in the 2022-2023 academic year. In addition, through the Union County Workforce Investment Board, the Commissioners support the Union College’s Center for Economic & Workforce Development. Services include free training in job skills, English as a Second Language, high-school equivalency, and other support to improve the quality of life of residents, especially in Elizabeth and Plainfield. To visit the homepage, go to http://www.ucnj.org Meet Our Commissioners 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/student-consumer-information/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College To help prospective and current students locate important information about Union College, this webpage collects links to helpful information on a variety of subjects, including  academic programs at Union College, cost of attendance, financial aid and Nondiscrimination Statement. In addition, the content on this page meets federal reporting and disclosure requirements for information outlined in the Higher Education Opportunity Act. ACADEMICS AND STUDENT LIFE CAMPUS SAFETY NON-DISCRIMINATION AND LEGAL ISSUES ENROLLMENT AND OUTCOMES MEASURES FINANCIAL INFORMATION INSTITUTIONAL RESEARCH ACCREDITATION  
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/public-safety/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click here to download the In Case of Emergency PDFContact Information: In case of emergency, Dial 911 For issues of public safety or to report a campus emergency please inform the Department of Public Safety at: COVID-19 Reporting ProcedureReport Positive Cases to the College Immediately Illness or injuries due to accidents which occur on campus or during a College-connected activity are to be reported immediately to the Department of Public Safety on the campus where they occur. If it is not possible to make an immediate report, one should be made before 48 hours have elapsed. All students are covered under the College’s student accident insurance plan. The Annual Security Report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, public safety authority, crime reporting policies, fire safety, disciplinary procedures and other matters of importance related to security on campus. The report also contains crime statistics for the three previous calendar years, enumerating reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by the College; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus. This information is required by federal law, (Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act or “the Clery Act”) and is provided by the Union CollegeDepartment of Public Safety. If you would like to receive a hard copy of the Annual Security Report which contains this information, you can stop by the Department of Public Safety Office, located in Room SD-108 in the Student Development Building, 1033 Springfield Avenue, Cranford, NJ 07016 or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling (908) 709-7152 or 7403. Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log: The Department of Public Safety maintains a Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log for public inspection at the public safety desk on each campus. The Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log includes all alleged criminal incidents and fires reported to the department following Clery Act guidelines.” DHS, Guidelines on how to respond to an Active Shooter situation, Options for Consideration:3 minute active shooter video DHS, Active Shooter – Pocket Card: Information www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/active_shooter_pocket_card.pdf Evacuation Guide At the start of each semester all currently enrolled students as well as staff and faculty are automatically enrolled in the emergency notification system. To confirm your emergency contact information, please navigate to the Rave Emergency Alert portal or My Union and select the Rave Emergency Alert System tile. In compliance with the Student Right to Know and Campus Security Act , crime statistics are reported to the U.S. Department of Education.  Tools are available online to analyze campus safety and security at http://ope.ed.gov/campussafety/#/. In compliance with the Federal Campus Sex Crimes Prevention Act and relevant New Jersey Law, information regarding the enrollment of convicted sex offenders is available online at http://www.njsp.org/sex-offender-registry/index.shtml. The College is required to document and catalogue specified classes of offenses (i.e. sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence and stalking), and to report these offenses to the U.S Department of Education in an annual report. In order to facilitate compliance in accurately reporting these offenses, certain individuals employed by the College have been identified as Campus Security Authorities (CSA). Included in the group of individuals identified as CSA’s are the following personnel: Click Here to read the Notice of Availability of Union College  Annual Security  Report 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/public-annual-notification-of-non-discrimination/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College Public Annual Notification Regarding Career and Technical Education In accordance with federal law, USDE Guidelines IV-O, Title VI: 34 C.F.R. § 100.6 (d), this notice shall serve to advise students, parents, employees and the general public that all Career and Technical Education (CTE) opportunities offered by Union College will be available to all students regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, and disability. Union College is committed to maintaining environments for all students, employees and visitors that are free from discrimination and harassment. In accordance with State and Federal law, Union College does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination on the basis of the following protected classes and/or characteristics, in all of its programs and activities, including but not limited to employment, promotion, admissions, and access to all career and technical programs: race; creed; color; sex; gender; pregnancy; gender identity or expression; national origin; nationality; age; ancestry; marital status, domestic partnership, or civil union status; religion; affectional or sexual orientation; atypical hereditary cellular or blood trait; genetic information; liability for military service; protected veteran status; mental or physical disability (including perceived disability, aids and HIV-related illnesses); harassment (related to any of the forgoing categories); retaliation for filing a complaint of, or participating in an investigation of discrimination; and any other category protected by law. The College offers courses that will lead to degrees or certificates in 64 programs, including, but not limited to CTE. For a description of all courses, see our online catalog: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. Our CTE courses are in the following subject areas: • Radiography;• American Sign Language and Deaf Studies;• Mathematics/Cybersecurity Option;• Cooperative Nursing;• Computer Science;• Diagnostic Medical Sonography;• Engineering/Architecture Option;• Engineering-Computer Science/Engineering Option;• Computer Information Systems & Technology;• Paralegal Studies; Social Services;• Accounting; Automotive Technology;• Business Management;• Business Marketing;• Electronics/Electromechanical Engineering Technology;• Emergency Health Science – Paramedic;• Fire Science Technology;• Game Design Technology;• Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management;• Physical Therapist Assistant;• Sport Management;• Educational Interpreter Program;• Office Professional;• Paralegal Studies;• CAD-CAM;• Photovoltaics; and• Practical Nursing. Union College AdmissionsStudents are admitted into Union College CTE programs without regard to race, color, national origin, gender or disability. CTE courses, program offerings, and admission criteria can be found in our on-line catalogue: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. The College will take steps to ensure that the lack of English-language proficiency will not be a barrier to admission and participation in CTE programs. Complaints and Requests for AccommodationsThe following individuals have been designated to handle complaints and inquiries, as indicated: Complaints Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All complaints of discrimination, including those concerning Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA should be directed to Mr. Lotano Student Accommodation RequestsMs. Karen CimorelliDirector of Disability Support Services and Veteran AffairsView Karen Cimorelli Contact InfoAll requests for accommodations from Union College students, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Ms. Cimorelli Employee, Guest, and Visitor Disability Accommodation Requests Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All requests for accommodations from Union College employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Mr. Lotano, the Section 504 Administrator and ADA Coordinator. All matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to Mr. Lotano. Union CollegeNotificación Anual PúblicaSobre la Educación de Carrera y Técnica De acuerdo con medidas de ley federal, USDE Guidelines IV-O, Title VI: 34 C.F.R. § 100.6 (d), esta notificación servirá para notificar alumnos, padres, empleados y el público en general que toda oportunidad de la Educación de Carrera y Técnica (la ECT) ofrecida por la Union College será disponible a todo alumno sin consideración a rasa, color, origen nacional, sexo y discapacidad. Union College está comprometida a mantener climas para todos alúmnos, empleados y visitantes libres de discriminación y hostigamiento. En acuerdo con la ley Estatal y Federal, Union College no discrimina y prohibe la discriminación a base de las siguientes clases y/o características, en todos sus programas y actividades, incluyendo pero no limitado al empleo, promoción, admisiones, y acceso a todos los programas técnicos y de carrera: raza, creencia, color, sexo, género, embarazo, identidad o expresión de género, orígen nacional, nacionalidad, edad, descendencia, estatus civil, asociación doméstica, unión civil, religión, orientación sexual o de afecto, rasgo de sangre o celular atípico, información genética, responsabilidad por servicio militar, estatus de veterano protegido o discapacidad mental o física (incluyendo la discapacidad percibida, SIDA y enfermedades relacionadas con el VIH); hostigamiento (relacionado a cualquier de estas categorias); represalia por entregar una queja de, o participar en una investigación de discriminación; y cualquier otra categoría protegida por ley. Union College ofrece cursos que terminan en grados académicos o certificados en 64 programas, incluyendo pero no limitado al programa de la ECT. Para una descripción de todos los cursos, véase nuestro catálogo en linea: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. Nuestros cursos de ECT se encuentran en las siguientes areas temáticas: • Radiografía;• Lenguage de Señas Americano y Estudios de la Sordera;• Matemática/Opción de Ciberseguridad;• Enfermería Cooperativa;• Ciencias de la Computación;• Sonografía Diagnóstica Médica;• Ingenería/Opción de Architectura;• Ingenería-Ciencias de la Computación/Opción de Ingeniería;• Sistemas de Informática & Tecnología;• Estudios Paralegales;• Servicios Sociales;• Contaduría;• Tecnología Automobilística;• Gestión de Empresas;• Marketing Empresarial;• Electrónica/Tecnología Electromecánica de la Ingeniería;• Ciencias de la Salud de Emergencia—Paramédico;• Tecnología de la Ciencia de Incendios;• Tecnología de Diseño del Juego Electrónico;• Gestión de Hoteles, Restaurantes y Turismo;• Asistente de Terapeuta Físico;• Gestión Deportiva;• Programa Educativo para Intérpretes;• Profesionista de Escritorio;• Estudios Paralegales;• CAD-CAM (Diseño Asistido por Ordenador-Equipo Asistida Fabricación);• Energía Solar Fotovoltaica; y• Enfermería Práctica. Política de Admisión de Union CollegeAlumnos son admitidos a los programas CTE de Union College sin consideración a raza, orígen nacional, género o discapacidad. Cursos y programas de ETC y critérios de admisión se encuentran en nuestro catálogo en linea: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. Union College tomará medidas para asegurar que la falta de facilidad con el inglés no será un obstáculo para la admisión y la participación en los programas de ECT. Quejas y Pedidos para Adaptaciones RazonablesLos siguientes indivíduos han sido designados para responder a quejas y preguntas, según indicado: QuejasVincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact InfoToda queja de discriminación, inclusive aquellas relevantes al Título IX, la Sección 504, y la ADA, será dirijida al Sr. Lotano. Pedidos de Adaptación Razonable de Parte de AlúmnosMs. Karen CimorelliCoordinator of Services for Students with DisabilitiesView Karen Cimorelli Contact InfoTodo pedido de acomodo razonable de parte de alúmnos de la Union College, en respuesta a la Sección 504 o la ADA, será dirijido a Ms. Cimorelli. Pedidos de Adaptación Razonable de Parte de Empleados, Invitados, o VisitantesVincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact InfoTodo pedido de adaptación razonable de parte de empleados, invitados, o visitantes de la Union College, en respuesta a la Sección 504 o la ADA, sera dirijido a Sr. Lotano, el Administrador de la Sección 504 y Coordinador de la ADA. Cualquier otro asunto, con la excepción de pedidos de acomodo razonable de parte de alúmnos y quejas, también se podrá dirijir a Sr. Lotano. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/affirmative-action-and-equal-opportunity-statement/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College  Union College is committed to environments for all students, employees and visitors that are free from discrimination and harassment. In accordance with State and Federal law, Union College does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination on the basis of the following protected classes and/or characteristics, in all of its programs and activities, including but not limited to employment, promotion, admissions, and access to all career and technical programs: The College is committed to providing equal employment and educational opportunities to all employees, students and applicants in accordance with this policy. Union College seeks to maintain an atmosphere that is free from harassment and intimidation of any type, including sexual harassment. Each College employee and student has the responsibility for adhering to this affirmative action policy. The College is also committed to the provision of reasonable accommodations for disabled or handicapped  individuals. In order to submit a formal affirmative action grievance please consult the grievances section in this student handbook. For more information or to submit an affirmative action complaint, please contact the Dean of Students and/or Union College’s Affirmative Action Officer. Consensual Amorous RelationshipsThis policy prohibits consensual amorous relationships between a faculty or staff member and a student whenever the faculty or staff member is in a position of professional or supervisory responsibility. A faculty or staff member has a professional or supervisory responsibility when she or he is currently in a position to make or influence a decision or to confer or withhold a benefit relating to the student’s education, employment or campus sponsored activity. This includes but it is not limited to staff and student, faculty and student, coach and player, supervisor and student worker, and advisor and advisee relationships. While this policy does not prohibit a consensual amorous relationship between a faculty and staff member and a student in the absence of current professional or supervisory responsibility with respect to the student, the College strongly discourages such relationships. A faculty member or staff member who enters a consensual relationship with a student while directly supervising the student must disclose the relationship to his/her immediate supervisor. Title IXUnder Title IX, no person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. Title IX does not only protect athletes in the higher education system. It also protects any and all students who feel they have been harassed or discriminated against due to their gender. It is important to talk to someone if you believe you were witness to a form of gender discrimination. Witnesses are also protected by Title IX and have a right to file a complaint and report the incident. To submit a complaint or for more information, contact the Affirmative Action Officer, the Dean of Students or the Dean of College Life. Sexual AssaultSexual assault is a serious offense. Any individual who sexually assaults another is subject to disciplinary procedures of the College and subject to any pertinent state or federal regulations. Sexual assault includes, but is not limited to, actual or attempted nonconsensual or forcible sexual touching, including fondling, kissing, groping, attempted sexual intercourse, and or penetration with an object. Sexual assault can be perpetrated by someone known or unknown, including an acquaintance, spouse, partner, date, relative, friend or stranger, by men or women. Rape is nonconsensual intercourse with any victim male or female. A victim may not be able to give consent due to intoxication, infancy or any other impairment of will. To insure that the needs of sexual harassment victims are met and that colleges and universities in New Jersey create and maintain communities that support human dignity, Union College has adopted the Campus Sexual Assault Bill of rights established by the state of New Jersey. For more information on resources provided by the College for victims of sexual harassment please contact the Dean of Students, the Crisis Counselor(s), or the Affirmative Action Officer. To report sexual assault or violation call:• 911 immediately andA Public Safety Office• Cranford Campus (908) 709 7152• Elizabeth Campus (Lessner) (908) 965-6070• Elizabeth Campus (Kellogg) (908) 659-5159• Plainfield Campus (908) 412-3595• Scotch Plains Campus (908) 709-0268• College Wide Emergency (908) 709-0268 Sexual HarassmentAll students have the right to an environment free from discrimination, including sexual harassment. It is the policy of Union College that harassment on the basis of gender/ sex is unacceptable conduct and that conduct will not be tolerated in any manner. Sexual discrimination is prohibited by the New Jersey Law against discrimination, Title IX of the Education Amendment and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and amendments. It is against the policy of the College for any student, faculty member or employee male or female to sexually harass another member of the College community by making unwelcome sexual advances or requests for sexual favors, or engaging in other unwelcome verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive environment by such conduct, irrespective of one’s intent. Examples include, but are not limited to the following; unwelcome sexual propositions, graphic statements about a person’s body; display of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; remarks or innuendos with a sexually demeaning implication, unwelcome touching, patting, or other physical contact; gender based humor; suggesting or demanding unwelcome sexual involvement which may include implied or explicit threats or sexual abuse including forced conduct. Any student who has been the target of sexual harassment may submit a formal grievance. Please consult the grievances section in the student handbook. For more information or to file an affirmative action complaint, please contact the Dean of Students and/or the Affirmative Action Officer. Violence Against Women Act – VAWAThe Union College community adamantly condemns all acts of violence on campus, including sexual assaults, domestic violence, stalking, and dating violence. All incidents of sexual violence, whether reported by a victim or bystander will be immediately reported to the local police department and aggressively investigated by the appropriate college official(s). Sexual offenses (whether forcible or non-forcible), domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking violate the criminal law and College regulations. Any reported violations will be treated swiftly through legal avenues and/or the established College disciplinary procedures. If you experience any form of sexual misconduct, domestic, dating violence and or stalking, the College objectives are to end the misconduct prevent its occurrence and address its effects. In reporting activities that constitute a crime, initial contact should be made to the local police where the offense took place as quickly as possible. Students, staff, faculty, visitors and business partners have the options of notifying the public safety office and they will notify local police. To report a violation, contact the Dean of Students, the Affirmative Action Officer or the Dean of College Life located on the Cranford campus. For more information or to submit a complaint contact: Complaints Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, Administration908-709-7046vincent.lotano@ucc.edu All complaints of discrimination, including those concerning Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA should be directed to Vincent Lotano Student Accommodation RequestsMs. Karen CimorelliDirector of Disability Support Services and Veteran AffairsNomahegan Hall, Room N-31033 Springfield AvenueCranford, New Jersey 07016Phone: 908-709-7164karen.cimorelli@ucc.edu All requests for accommodations from Union College students, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Ms. Cimorelli Employee, Guest, and Visitor Disability Accommodation Requests Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, Administration908-709-7046vincent.lotano@ucc.edu All requests for accommodations from Union College employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Vincent Lotano, the Section 504 Administrator and ADA Coordinator. All matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to Vincent Lotano. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union, students are #1! As the first community college in New Jersey, Union has been serving both career-minded and transfer-oriented students since 1933. The College is committed to providing an accessible and affordable liberal arts education to the residents of Union County. Our focus on excellence drives our mission to develop new programs and courses that reflect the ever-changing global demands. The Union College advantage: While at Union, students have the opportunity to participate in many activities: If you are a recent high school graduate, an adult returning to college, an employee seeking additional training or a new career, Union College is the smart choice for an excellent education. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/mission-and-values/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College MISSION
Union College – Transforming Our Community One Student at a Time.
Our mission is guided by our commitment to empower students to achieve their goals by providing access to high quality and affordable higher education to the residents of Union County.  As a comprehensive community college with a diverse student population, we provide career programs, transfer programs, developmental education, and lifelong- learning opportunities, with a focus on excellence in all that we do. PHILOSOPHY
Union College is committed to serving Union County in an environment dedicated to student success.  The College has an open admission policy and is focused on educational excellence and the achievement of equity among the various populations served. The College strives to promote in students a sense of responsibility for their own development and an understanding of their obligations as members of a democratic society.  The College fosters in students the desire to learn, the ability to think clearly and express themselves effectively, the habit of analytical and reflective thought, and an awareness of themselves, their heritage, other cultures, and their environment. VISION
Union College with its focus on student success will be recognized as a national leader within the higher education community in providing quality education. VALUES
Union College embraces these basic institutional values that guide the fulfillment of our Mission: Student Success – Helping every student to achieve success is our highest priority.  We are committed to promoting a climate of student success and to providing an environment conducive to teaching and learning; creating and expanding educational opportunities and support services is paramount to our mission.
Excellence – We are committed to the highest standards of excellence in all we do; we exemplify this value by providing programs and services that ensure excellence in teaching and learning, student services, and organizational efficiency.
Student Engagement – We are committed to enhancing and promoting student engagement by fully engaging our students as active learners and by providing a broad range of educational experiences both inside and outside the classroom.
Collaboration – We are committed to productive exchanges with all members of the College community and collegial relationships among our various stakeholders.
Integrity – We seek to uphold the highest standard of ethics.
Stewardship – We value and honor the trust placed in us by making wise and efficient use of resources.
Community Engagement – We are committed to encouraging civic engagement and supporting economic development in the region.
Diversity – We are committed to a diverse environment that supports an equitable education for all of our students and emphasizes respect for various cultures and individual differences.
Globalization – We seek to establish connections and relationships locally, nationally, and globally. GOALS
In an effort to achieve the College’s mission, we strive to fulfill the following goals and to assess them on a regular basis to ensure the quality of our programs and services. General Education – Provide a relevant and coherent general education for all students.  Assess student learning outcomes in scientific/critical thinking and quantitative reasoning; oral and written communication; and information literacy.
Transfer Programs – Provide transfer programs for students planning to continue their education at a 4-year institution.  Assess student learning outcomes at the course and program level. Regularly evaluate and update courses, curricula, and programs.
Career Programs – Provide career programs to prepare students to enter the workforce and meet workforce needs.  Assess student learning outcomes at the course and program level. Regularly evaluate and update courses, curricula, and programs.
Developmental Education – Provide developmental education for underprepared students. Continue to implement approaches that facilitate the progress of students through the developmental sequence.  Assess students’ success in college level courses.
Lifelong Learning – Provide courses and programs that encourage lifelong learning and are responsive to the needs of business and industry.  Evaluate and update courses and programs, in response to identified needs.
Innovative Pedagogy – Develop, encourage, and support effective and creative approaches to teaching and learning.  Regularly assess student learning outcomes.
Student Support Services – Provide appropriate support services for all students that ensure success throughout the students’ college career.  Evaluate and update key programs and services in response to student needs.
Resources – Provide the necessary resources, both public and private, to support the institutional mission.  Also, continue to partner with the Union College Foundation to identify and generate additional resources.  Regularly assess the linkage between budgeting and planning. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/human-resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College Human Resources Department works in partnership with managers and their teams, with individual employees, and with other groups to provide programs and services that create a work environment of employee empowerment and involvement in the mission of the college. Our core values of customer orientation, continuous improvement, teamwork, and achieving results are woven into every aspect of human resource management. Union College offers open access to high quality, affordable academic programs, including associate degree and certificate programs. We are committed to excellence in teaching and learning and provide academic preparation for transfer to four-year institutions, career preparation for entry into high-demand occupational fields, developmental coursework, and lifelong learning opportunities. Human Resources is committed to: We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultation and communication with the campus community. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/presidents-biography/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Dr. Margaret M. McMenamin is the President of Union College of New Jersey, the 1st of New Jersey’s 18 community colleges, founded in 1933. Since her appointment as President in July 2010, Dr. McMenamin set forth an aggressive agenda centering on improving student success outcomes. She revitalized student services, strengthened academic advising, partnered with faculty to improve teaching and learning, and engaged the entire campus community in renewing their collective commitment to student success. During her tenure at Union, the College quintupled its graduation rate. In October 2020, Dr. McMenamin was named the National Marie Y. Martin CEO of the Year by the American Association of Community Colleges. In 2022, the Aspen Institute for College Excellence named Union College as one of the Top 25 community colleges in America and a Semifinalist for the $1 million Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence. Dr. McMenamin attended Temple University and graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Physical Therapy. She earned a Master of Science from the University of Scranton and a Doctorate in Educational Leadership from Lehigh University. Dr. McMenamin was previously employed as a professor and VP of Academic and Student Affairs at Lehigh Carbon Community College and Executive Vice President and Acting President at Brookdale Community College. In 2019, Dr. McMenamin served as Chair of the Middle States Commission on Higher Education. She also previously served as Chair of the American Association of Community Colleges’ Presidents’ Academy Executive Committee. Currently, she serves as Chair of the Advisory Board of the Higher Education Research and Development Institute, a member of the executive committee of the New Jersey Presidents’ Council, the National Junior College Athletic Association Presidents’ Advisory Council, and the board of the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities. Dr. McMenamin is involved with numerous community organizations, including the Boards of Trinitas Hospital, Union County Performing Arts Center, Union County Crime Stoppers, Elizabeth Development Company, Union County Workforce Development, Montgomery Academy, the New Jersey Israel Commission, and the NJ-PBS Community Advisory Board. In 2015, she was honored to serve as the Grand Marshal of the Union County Saint Patrick’s Day Parade. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/high-school-graduates/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The 10 steps below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the link below to begin or view the status of your online application. Begin or View Union College Application  Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Submit final, official high school transcript or GED transcript Submit SAT scores if you have taken the SATs Submit AP scores, if applicable Submit IB scores, if applicable. Submit immunization records The State of New Jersey requires all full-time students born after December 31, 1936 to be immunized against Measles, Mumps, Rubella and Hepatitis B or prove that they meet one of the exemption requirements. Students must bring a copy of a certificate from a doctor or medical center showing proof of inoculations to the Admissions office on the Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield campus. Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Complete your FAFSA-Free Application for Federal Student Aid www.fafsa.gov. Union College’s school code is 002643 Check your Union College email to confirm receipt of your FAFSA Log into Self- Service to check for required documents and submit them to the Financial Aid Office Review your Financial Aid Award on Self-Service Check the email account that you provided in your application for instructions, username, and password Placement Test A SAT score of at least 540 in Critical Reading and 530 in Math are necessary to waive the Placement Test. Orientation is required for all first-time, full-time students entering the college during Fall or Spring. Steps before registration Check academic calendar for registration dates Plan your classes Plan how you will pay for your tuition and fees Steps at registration Log in and register (after orientation) Review and print your class schedule from your College account Steps after registration Check your college email and the college website often for class cancellations Schedule changes Tuition Payment plan. Students must visit the Office of Student Accounts to make the initial payment and to sign a promissory note to participate in the plan Log in to your College account and check your balance Chargeback Purchase a parking permit (At a Student Services Center) Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID Cranford – Student Services Center, Student Development Building Elizabeth – Student Services Center, Lessner Building Plainfield – Student Services Center, Logos Building Textbooks and Supplies Refer to your class schedule 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/transfer-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The nine steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/returning-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The eight steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. If you have been out for two or more full semesters (fall/spring) you must complete a new application. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/visiting-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College We welcome Visiting Students to Union College To view course availability, click here. Click on “Advanced Search” and search for your course! Here are the steps to apply and register as a Visiting Student: Please note: when creating your account to complete your online application you may not use another college’s email address. For new applicants: Your application will be processed in minutes – you will receive an email with your student ID number as well as your user name and password. If you have additional questions, contact studentservices@ucc.edu or visit a Student Services Center in Cranford, Elizabeth, or Plainfield. Student Services Centers on all campuses are open Monday – Thursday: 8:30 am – 7:30 pm, Friday: 8:30 am – 4:30 pm Cranford Campus: 1033 Springfield Avenue, Student Development Building, 1st FloorElizabeth Campus: 12 W. Jersey Street, Lessner Building, 1st FloorPlainfield Campus: 232 E. 2nd Street, Logos Building, 1st Floor 
https://www.ucc.edu/international/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is proud to welcome international students from over 30 nations! If you plan to attend Union College in F-1 status, here are the steps you must take:  Application Deadlines:June 1 – Fall SemesterDecember 1 – Spring Semester Applying as an International Student Step 1: Read the following important information for International (F1) Applicants Step 2: Apply to Union College Step 3: Submit an F1 Application to International Students Office Changing Majors F-1 students are required to notify International Services and the Department of Homeland Security when there is a substantive change in the information on your Form I-20 academic programs and/or degree levels. Examples of changes that require notification are: a change in major field; a change in degree level; a change in major field and degree level. Practical Training  Some F-1 students are eligible for practical training, an employment benefit that allows you, as an F-1 student, to gain practical, professional experience in your field of study. There are two types of F-1 practical training: curricular practical training (CPT) and optional practical training (OPT). CPT is employment used to satisfy the requirements of a required or elective internship,practicum, or fieldwork course. OPT, unlike CPT, does not require you to register for an internship, practicum, or fieldwork course. Program Extension If you are unable to complete your degree requirements by the completion date specified on your I-20 (item # 5), you must apply for a program extension at least 15 days before but no later than the completion date indicated on the I-20. Union’s International Student Advisers are hear to answer any of your questions! 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/veterans-and-active-military/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The 12 steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/high-school-dual-enrollment/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College High school students in their Junior or Senior year and at least 16 years of age, may apply for the Bridge Program to begin earning college credits. Welcome to Union College. The three steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Begin Application 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/tuition-and-fees/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Questions?– View College Payment and Refund Policies Page– Email StudentAccountsOffice@ucc.edu including your name and College ID number. Tuition & Fees, Fall 2022 – Summer 2023 – View 2022 – 2023 Tuition and Fees  Tuition & Fees, Fall 2023 – Summer 2024 Part Time(Less than 12 credit hours per semester) Full Time(12-18 credit hours per semester) Beyond Full Time(More than 18 credit hours per semester) American Success Program (for International students) Tuition charges will be computed based on a student’s residency on record on the first day of a semester: Residency is defined as the place where a person has his or her true, fixed, permanent home and principal establishment, and to which, whenever he or she is absent, he or she has the intention of returning. (Board Resolution E014-022 – NJ Admin Code 9A:5-2.1) Nursing Clinical Fees – per credit hour Nursing Fees – other For specialty textbooks, technology, supplies and other essential course materials not covered by Union’s Book Subscription Program, eligible students are able to use the Book Allowance program at the Campus Bookstore. This calculator is intended to provide estimated net price information (defined as estimated cost of attendance – including tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board (meals), and other related expenses – minus estimated grant and scholarship aid) to current and prospective students and their families based on what similar students paid in a previous year. Access Net Price Calculator Tool The College Financing Plan within Self-Service is a consumer tool that Union College uses to notify students about their financial aid package. It is designed to simplify the information that prospective students receive about costs and financial aid so that they can easily compare institutions and make informed decisions about where to attend school. Access College Financing Plan Tool in Self-Service The College is required by the federal government to derive a Cost of Attendance (COA) for several categories of students. These COAs are used to determine the eligibility for financial aid. The COA represents direct costs, like tuition and fees that you pay directly to the College, and indirect costs, like transportation for going to and from class. The COA is an estimate of these charges, based on an average for this area, and will likely vary from your actual costs in each category. The COA is different for different groups of students and may vary depending on how many credits you are taking, if you live in or out of county, if you live at home or have your own place, etc. If you are enrolled less than half-time, your cost of attendance for financial aid cannot include room and board or miscellaneous expenses. Below are some examples of COA for Full-Time and Part-Time students: In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/tuition-and-fees/#estimating-costs
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Questions?– View College Payment and Refund Policies Page– Email StudentAccountsOffice@ucc.edu including your name and College ID number. Tuition & Fees, Fall 2022 – Summer 2023 – View 2022 – 2023 Tuition and Fees  Tuition & Fees, Fall 2023 – Summer 2024 Part Time(Less than 12 credit hours per semester) Full Time(12-18 credit hours per semester) Beyond Full Time(More than 18 credit hours per semester) American Success Program (for International students) Tuition charges will be computed based on a student’s residency on record on the first day of a semester: Residency is defined as the place where a person has his or her true, fixed, permanent home and principal establishment, and to which, whenever he or she is absent, he or she has the intention of returning. (Board Resolution E014-022 – NJ Admin Code 9A:5-2.1) Nursing Clinical Fees – per credit hour Nursing Fees – other For specialty textbooks, technology, supplies and other essential course materials not covered by Union’s Book Subscription Program, eligible students are able to use the Book Allowance program at the Campus Bookstore. This calculator is intended to provide estimated net price information (defined as estimated cost of attendance – including tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board (meals), and other related expenses – minus estimated grant and scholarship aid) to current and prospective students and their families based on what similar students paid in a previous year. Access Net Price Calculator Tool The College Financing Plan within Self-Service is a consumer tool that Union College uses to notify students about their financial aid package. It is designed to simplify the information that prospective students receive about costs and financial aid so that they can easily compare institutions and make informed decisions about where to attend school. Access College Financing Plan Tool in Self-Service The College is required by the federal government to derive a Cost of Attendance (COA) for several categories of students. These COAs are used to determine the eligibility for financial aid. The COA represents direct costs, like tuition and fees that you pay directly to the College, and indirect costs, like transportation for going to and from class. The COA is an estimate of these charges, based on an average for this area, and will likely vary from your actual costs in each category. The COA is different for different groups of students and may vary depending on how many credits you are taking, if you live in or out of county, if you live at home or have your own place, etc. If you are enrolled less than half-time, your cost of attendance for financial aid cannot include room and board or miscellaneous expenses. Below are some examples of COA for Full-Time and Part-Time students: In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/forms-and-worksheets/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Here you can find both important Financial Aid & Student Account Forms. Video Guides to Filling out AssureSign online forms. The majority of forms linked on this page can be completed entirely in your browser!See how easy the process is by watching the video guides below. Financial Aid Document Upload Form This form allows students to securely upload any of the following documents such as Tax Returns, Selective Service Registration, Citizenship or Permanent Residency Records, High School Diploma or GED, Driver’s license, along with other documentation that does not fit into another category. Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Appeal Process 2023-2024 Academic Year Forms 2022-2023 Academic Year Forms  
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/scholarships/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College offers a wide variety of scholarships to help our students achieve their educational goals. Scholarships are a form of financial aid that does not have to be repaid. We have more than 200 scholarships available to students every year. Each scholarship has different award requirements such as major, GPA, high school, city, community service and other specific criteria. Scholarships are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. Applying for ScholarshipsVisit the UCC Scholarship Website in order to see which scholarships are available! American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF III Grant)The ARP/HEERF III Grant provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants. The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus. Visit ucc.edu/covid19relief for Covid-19 Relief Funding Application Instructions Scholarship RequirementsMany scholarships require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) in order to be eligible. You can complete your FAFSA at www.fafsa.gov Your scholarship application will not be reviewed until you have first been evaluated for all federal and state grants. If you have already submitted a Union College Scholarship Application, you do not have to submit it again. Your application will remain in consideration for any new or un-awarded scholarships for the full Academic Year. Important considerations when applying for a scholarship are as follows.You must: Scholarships for Union College Students Access your Union College Online Scholarship Application Here 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Students Must Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) DACA/Undocumented Check the status of submitted documents Please visit Self-Service to see the status of submitted documents.
                    All documents are reviewed within 7 to 10 business days. If the document shows “Received”, your
                    document is pending review by your Financial Aid Counselor. If the document shows “Incomplete”
                    or “Additional Information”, note the reasoning in bold and resubmit with corrections. Submit requested documents to the Financial Aid Office When you check to see that your FAFSA was received, you may also notice that some other documents
                    are in a “Missing” or “Incomplete” status. Please submit all required documents using the secure
                    link found on the Forms and Worksheets page. If you receive any requests via email or through the mail from the New Jersey Higher Education
                    Student Assistance Authority (HESAA), please comply with those requests. You must submit all
                    documents that they request to be eligible for any state aid including Tuition Aid Grant (TAG),
                    Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF), Community College Opportunity Grant (CCOG), and NJ STARS.
                 Review your financial aid award The Financial Aid Office does not make tentative awards. You will not be awarded any federal or
                    state financial aid (including grants and loans) until all required documents have been
                    reviewed. Once your documents have been reviewed, you will see your financial aid award in Self-Service. You can view your financial aid award amounts
                    for the entire academic year or for a single term. If your documents have been reviewed and you do not see a financial aid award, it is because you
                    are not eligible for grants. You may still be eligible for student loans and scholarships.
                    Information about how student loans work and how to request one can be found on our Loans page. Information about how scholarships work and how to
                    apply for one can be found on our Scholarships page. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/educational-opportunity-fund/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College What is the Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF) Program?For over 50 years, the EOF program has provided students from educationally and economically disadvantaged backgrounds an opportunity to pursue a college degree.  Created by statute in 1968, EOF has provided academic, financial, and social support to thousands of students.  The Program is geared toward students who: For more general information about the State of New Jersey Department of Higher Education Educational Opportunity Fund program, please visit the official state website at: https://www.nj.gov/highereducation/EOF/ Services and Benefits to Students How can I apply? Applying for the Fall or Spring Semester Pending overall program space availability, applications will be available at the beginning of the Fall Semester for EOF Transfer Students. Currently enrolled Union College students and first-time college students who did not attend an EOF Summer Program Session. To complete an EOF Academic Year application, please click here. Applying for the EOF Summer Program Priority for acceptance into the EOF program is given to first-time, full-time college students who attend an EOF Summer Program session. Space in EOF and each session is limited, so interested students are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. For more information about the EOF Summer Program, please click here. Educational Opportunity Fund Program1033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ, 07016 Phone: 908-709-7088Email: eof@ucc.edu 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-allied-sciences/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College We are the division that prepares students with the knowledge, skills, and professional traits necessary to become competent, compassionate, and contributing professionals in the fields served by our programs in American Sign Language/Deaf Studies, Practical Nursing, Emergency Medical Technician, Health Science, Paramedic and Physical Therapist Assistant. These programs lead to positions where communication, competence and compassion are essential.  Our students have the opportunity to interact with individuals from diverse backgrounds and in different settings.  All of the programs are either externally or state accredited, or recognized for their high quality curriculum.  Upon licensure or certification, graduates of the allied sciences are able to assume positions in acute, long term and other community-based agencies. The Division offers AS, AAS and Certificate programs in a variety of health and communication based programs. Below you will find a link to our programs of study.  It is our goal to assist you in being successful in entering the profession of your choice. American Sign Language and Deaf Studies, A.S. American Sign Language and Deaf Studies, C.T. Educational Interpreter Program (EIP), C.T.A. Emergency Medical Studies, C.T. Emergency Medical Studies, C.T.A. Health Information Technology, A.A.S Health Science, A.S. Paramedic Emergency Health Science, A.A.S. Physical Therapist Assistant, A.A.S. Practical Nursing, C.T. Respiratory Care, A.A.S. Please review our Programs of Study Here Public Notice of Pre-Accreditation Status Accreditation The Practical Nursing Program at Union College has received accreditation from the NJ Board of Nursing and from the National League for Nursing NLN Commission for Nursing Education and Accreditation. Applicants and current students may contact the Board of Nursing and/or CNEA with inquiries or concerns regarding the nursing program at the: New Jersey Board of Nursing124 Halsey StreetPO Box 45010Newark, NJ 07101(973) 504-6430http://www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/medical/nursing.htm The program is accredited by the National League for Nursing Commission for Nursing Education Accreditation (NLN CNEA) effective 2019-2025. This is an optional accreditation that recognizes the program’s “ability to meet or exceed standards and criteria for educational quality”.CNEAThe Watergate2600 Virginia Avenue, NW | Eighth FloorWashington, DC 20037 | 800-669-1656https://www.nln.org/ 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-humanities/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Humanities Division offers students the opportunity to take a wide variety of courses in English, ESL, communications, fine arts and modern languages. Nearly all of Union College’s students take a class in our Division, as English 101 and English 102 are requirements for most majors. Our goal is to offer courses and activities that encourage students to: Humanities Courses English (ENG) Fine Arts (FIA) Communications (COM) Arabic (ARB) Chinese (CHN) French (FRE) German (GER) Italian (ITA) Spanish (SPA) Please visit our Programs page to find out about our Humanities programs. Please visit our Student Clubs and Activities page to find out about our Humanities clubs and activities. To contact us, please call the Humanities Division Secretary or email humanities@ucc.edu AVP Academic Affairs and Dean of Humanities
View Melissa Sande Contact Info Division Secretary
View Oneida Wright Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-social-science-business-and-history/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Students in the 21st century benefit from a thorough grounding in the studies of human social interaction and diversity, as well as a knowledge of the trade of goods, services, and ideas, all understood with an appropriate historical perspective. It is important to understand how innovative paths have been forged, how today’s global age is taking shape and the ways in which we can make a meaningful impact. In the pursuit of such life-long learning, Union College provides this opportunity through the study of the social sciences, business, and history. The SSBH division offers a variety of courses in many learning platforms: face-to-face, blended and online. We encourage you to take classes with our highly educated, diverse and extremely dedicated full-time and part-time faculty members. Social SciencesSocial sciences concern, most simply, the study of human interaction within a society and how these interactions influence the broader community and world. Programs in the Social Sciences include: BusinessAs one of the most popular majors in colleges and universities worldwide, business includes the study of management, operations, finance, human resources, and marketing. Students can learn general business theories and practice or become highly specialized in the discipline. According to a ranking by Georgetown University (2022), Union College was ranked the #1 business program for associate degree holders. Programs in Business include: HistoryHistory, in its broadest sense, is the study of our collective past. For many historians, historical perspective is the key to understanding our present realities. Students majoring in History at Union College have a unique opportunity to complete an internship course A.A. (ASSOCIATE IN ARTS) DEGREE PROGRAMS:BusinessEarly Childhood/Elementary EducationEducationHistoryPsychologyPublic AdministrationSociology A.S. (ASSOCIATE IN SCIENCE) DEGREE PROGRAMS:Criminal JusticeeSportsLiberal StudiesSocial ServicesParalegal StudiesSport ManagementSupply Chain Management A.A.S. (ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE) DEGREE PROGRAMS:AccountingBlockchain TechnologyBusiness ManagementBusiness MarketingFire Science TechnologyHotel, Restaurant and Tourism CERTIFICATES:Criminal JusticeHomeland Security Certificate of AchievementOffice Professional Certificate of AchievementParalegal Studies Certificate of AchievementLiberal StudiesSupply Chain Management Certificate of Achievement View Contact Information View Contact Information View Contact Information 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-stem-science-technology-engineering-and-mathematics/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Women in Research “Science makes people reach selflessly for truth and objectivity; it teaches people to accept reality, with wonder and admiration, not to mention the deep awe and joy that the natural order of things brings to the true scientist.”  — Lise Meitner WelcomeSTEM Division(Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) If you have wandered onto this site, it is because you have an interest in answering the questions of How and Why.  This is the first step in the path that will lead you to a career where you can explore, create, build, and answer the questions of How and Why. The Division offers AS and AAS programs in Biology, Chemistry, Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Game Design/Development, and a number of Technology programs.  We have introduced a new AS program in Cybersecurity. We have certificate programs in CAD/CAM and Photovoltaic Studies. Our team is led by Mr. William Dunscombe, Dean of STEM; Mr. Faraz Siddique, Assistant Dean of STEM; Mr. Derrick Collins, Division Secretary; and the Faculty and staff who instruct and mentor you in and out of the classroom. On this page, you will find links to the programs as well as academic maps to guide you on your path.  We will post links to information regarding career options and research opportunities. Check back often for interesting tips, events, and information regarding the Division. Please feel free to contact us at anytime. We are here to help you be successful in your program here at Union College. Dean of STEM
View William Dunscombe Contact Info Associate Dean, STEM Division
View Faraz Siddique Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-program/trinitas-school-of-nursing/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Partnership with Union College Trinitas School of Nursing, in partnership with Union College, conducts a Cooperative Nursing Program that awards students a diploma in Nursing from Trinitas School of Nursing and an associate in science from Union College upon successful completion of the program. The School is located in the Elizabeth, New Jersey. Interested in learning more? Visit the Trinitas Nursing School Website.for additional program details. 
https://jfkmuhlenbergschools.org/nursing/program-information-nursing
 Our dedicated faculty, professional staff and administration are eager to help students reach their potential. Day and evening class scheduling is available to meet individual needs. In cooperation with Union College, students earn an Associate in Science degree as well as a diploma in their chosen discipline from JFK Muhlenberg Snyder. Join us for an online presentation with Q&A to learn more about our programs. Sessions take place on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month at 2 p.m.  Please complete the fields below to receive more information about our programs.   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks: 
(No Prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs.)
January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023
Radiography Program: January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks:
(No prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs)
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023 Diagnostic Medical Sonography:
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023   American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF Grants) The ARP/HEERF Act provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants.  The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus.   The JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Nursing/Union College Cooperative Nursing Program provides an education soundly rooted in outstanding academic traditions of both hospital-based nursing education and community college education.   The Radiography cooperative program between JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Radiography and Union College offers the advantage of a hospital-based radiography program coupled with college-based academic courses.   The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program was established in 2003 as a hospital-based sonography program. The School has multiple clinical sites providing a wide range of professional experiences to the students.  
Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing
Suite 850
3343 Peachtree Road NE
Atlanta, Georgia, 30328
P: (404) 975-5000
F: (404) 975-5020 
New Jersey State Board of Nursing
124 Halsey Street, 6th Fl
Newark, NJ, 07101
P: (973) 504-6430 NJ Radiologic Technology Board of Examiners
Bureau of X-Ray Compliance
P.O. Box 420 (Mail Code 25-01)
Trenton, NJ 08625
P: (609) 984-5890 Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology
20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 2850
Chicago, IL 60606-3182
P: (312) 704-5300 Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775 © 2023 Hackensack Meridian Health 
https://jfkmuhlenbergschools.org/school-programs/radiography-program/program-information-radiography
 Our dedicated faculty, professional staff and administration are eager to help students reach their potential. Day and evening class scheduling is available to meet individual needs. In cooperation with Union College, students earn an Associate in Science degree as well as a diploma in their chosen discipline from JFK Muhlenberg Snyder. Join us for an online presentation with Q&A to learn more about our programs. Sessions take place on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month at 2 p.m.  Please complete the fields below to receive more information about our programs.   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks: 
(No Prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs.)
January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023
Radiography Program: January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks:
(No prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs)
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023 Diagnostic Medical Sonography:
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023   American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF Grants) The ARP/HEERF Act provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants.  The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus.   The JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Nursing/Union College Cooperative Nursing Program provides an education soundly rooted in outstanding academic traditions of both hospital-based nursing education and community college education.   The Radiography cooperative program between JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Radiography and Union College offers the advantage of a hospital-based radiography program coupled with college-based academic courses.   The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program was established in 2003 as a hospital-based sonography program. The School has multiple clinical sites providing a wide range of professional experiences to the students.  
Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing
Suite 850
3343 Peachtree Road NE
Atlanta, Georgia, 30328
P: (404) 975-5000
F: (404) 975-5020 
New Jersey State Board of Nursing
124 Halsey Street, 6th Fl
Newark, NJ, 07101
P: (973) 504-6430 NJ Radiologic Technology Board of Examiners
Bureau of X-Ray Compliance
P.O. Box 420 (Mail Code 25-01)
Trenton, NJ 08625
P: (609) 984-5890 Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology
20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 2850
Chicago, IL 60606-3182
P: (312) 704-5300 Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775 © 2023 Hackensack Meridian Health 
https://jfkmuhlenbergschools.org/school-programs/diagnostic-medical-sonography-program/program-information-sonography
 Our dedicated faculty, professional staff and administration are eager to help students reach their potential. Day and evening class scheduling is available to meet individual needs. In cooperation with Union College, students earn an Associate in Science degree as well as a diploma in their chosen discipline from JFK Muhlenberg Snyder. Join us for an online presentation with Q&A to learn more about our programs. Sessions take place on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month at 2 p.m.  Please complete the fields below to receive more information about our programs.   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks: 
(No Prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs.)
January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023
Radiography Program: January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks:
(No prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs)
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023 Diagnostic Medical Sonography:
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023   American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF Grants) The ARP/HEERF Act provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants.  The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus.   The JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Nursing/Union College Cooperative Nursing Program provides an education soundly rooted in outstanding academic traditions of both hospital-based nursing education and community college education.   The Radiography cooperative program between JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Radiography and Union College offers the advantage of a hospital-based radiography program coupled with college-based academic courses.   The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program was established in 2003 as a hospital-based sonography program. The School has multiple clinical sites providing a wide range of professional experiences to the students.  
Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing
Suite 850
3343 Peachtree Road NE
Atlanta, Georgia, 30328
P: (404) 975-5000
F: (404) 975-5020 
New Jersey State Board of Nursing
124 Halsey Street, 6th Fl
Newark, NJ, 07101
P: (973) 504-6430 NJ Radiologic Technology Board of Examiners
Bureau of X-Ray Compliance
P.O. Box 420 (Mail Code 25-01)
Trenton, NJ 08625
P: (609) 984-5890 Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology
20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 2850
Chicago, IL 60606-3182
P: (312) 704-5300 Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775 © 2023 Hackensack Meridian Health 
https://www.ucc.edu/universitycenter/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Thinking about your future? When it’s time to transfer to a four-year institution, you can stay right here at Union College and TRANSFER to our prestigious partner university, Montclair. The University Center is located at our beautiful, state-of-the art Scotch Plains Campus, where you can complete your bachelor’s degree and start your future today. UNIVERSITY CENTER FAQS What’s next?  View Partnership Info On MSU’s
                        Website 
https://www.ucc.edu/ah/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The American Honors Program helps students earn bachelor’s degrees from great schools. American Honors is for high achieving, academically motivated students who attend and graduate from Union College and then transfer to a four-year institution. Students who are accepted into the American Honors program will have access to small class sizes under 20 students, classes taught by full-time faculty members, professional academic advising, transfer support, admission to numerous seminars and workshops, and access to the Honors lounge! Contact American Honors honors@ucc.edu
 (908) 497-4394 Honors classes are small, seminar style classes that promote student engagement. Classes are limited to 20 students and are taught by the College’s most distinguished faculty. Honors classes focus on a learner centered pedagogy, enhancing critical thinking and inquiry. Honors students have a dedicated academic specialist who provides personalized advisement and helps support their success. The academic specialist guides their students with registration through graduation, campus resources, and transfer. The Honors Lounge serves as the center of the Honors program. Students meet here for study sessions, game nights, meetings, and events. Workshops, social events, alumni transfer panels, and faculty meet and greets are just a few ways that students can build relationships with faculty and peers. American Honors students… For full consideration, apply by August 15th for the Fall semester or by December 15th for the Spring semester. While completing the application to attend Union College, make sure you answer “Yes” to the question asking if you are interested in the American Honors program. After you complete the main Union College Application, you will automatically be provided access to apply for the supplemental American Honors application. Our program strives to recruit the best and brightest students. Your story and strong academic background are crucial aspects we use to evaluate your application.  The admissions process consists of submitting a completed application, all education transcripts, test scores, and possible interview in which the Admissions Committee will then consider all aspects in a timely matter before the admissions decision is relayed to the applicant. This process could take up to several weeks and we appreciate your patience. Meet the Honors Faculty! “The American Honors program provided me with an environment to grow as a student and a person!” “The American Honors program helped me greatly when it came to the transition from high school to college. College can be a stressful experience, but because of American Honors and the amazing advisors, I enjoyed studying here.” “American Honors is a community full of motivated individuals that push you to succeed.” 
https://www.ucc.edu/esl/iie/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to the Institute for Intensive EnglishThe Institute for Intensive English (IIE) provides an English for Academic Purposes (EAP) program for ESL students to enhance their English language abilities in order to further their academic, career, and/or personal goals. Did you know Union College offers two ESL Programs? Beginner students attend class with the CEWD program, while the IIE is for intermediate to advanced students. If you want more information about the other program, Visit Union’s ESL homepage.   The Institute for Intensive English provides a program of intensive instruction in English for speakers of other languages. Through this program students have the opportunity to enhance their English language abilities in order to further their academic, career, and/or personal goals. After placement testing, students enter an appropriate ESL level of instruction commensurate with their abilities. In all levels, students can register for two core English for Academic Purposed (EAP) courses: Grammar/Writing and Reading/Listening/Speaking. Upon completing each course, there is an exit test to assess a student’s proficiency. While enrolled in ESL courses, students can take additional content area courses, depending on a student’s level. International/F1 Visa Students:Contact our International Student Advisors, international@ucc.eduto schedule an appointment to review additional requirements. Institute for Intensive EnglishUnion CollegeLessner Building-Room E-41412 West Jersey St.Elizabeth, NJ 07201 Call the Institute’s Main Phone: 908-965-6031Email iie@ucc.edu PLACEMENT TESTING CENTERS – ESL TestingElizabeth Campus – Lessner Building, 1st FloorCranford Campus – SD 130For more information on ESL Testing, click here. ADMISSIONSTo fill out a College Application you can go to Admissions Office on any campus or click here to fill out an application online. APPLYING FOR FINANCIAL AIDFor more information on applying for financial aid, click here. What time do classes meet?For a listing of course meeting times, please visit Self-Service. Click here to be directed to the ESL Course Offerings. How can I prepare for the placement test?Complete testing information can be found on our website at Testing Center: ESL Testing. Click here to be directed to the ESL Testing webpage. I took ESL in high school. Do I have to take ESL at Union College?Complete testing information can be found on our website at Testing Center: ESL Testing. Click here to be directed to the ESL Testing webpage. Do I have to buy textbooks?Yes, you do. Find more detailed information about textbooks click here. How do I pay for my courses?For detailed information, including Financial Aid, click here to be directed to the Paying for College & Financial Aid webpage. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department offers a variety of affordable non-credit courses for professional development and industry credential attainment. Programming includes business, education, computers and technology, healthcare and more. Class schedules include evenings, daytime and Saturdays. We invite you to browse our catalog for a full look at instructor-led and programs by our professional experts and self-paced independent, online courses through: We can help you choose the right path and the right program for your educational journey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/high-school-dual-enrollment/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College High school students in their Junior or Senior year and at least 16 years of age, may apply for the Bridge Program to begin earning college credits. Welcome to Union College. The three steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Begin Application 
https://www.ucc.edu/alc/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Academic Learning Centers (ALCs) are certified by the international College Reading and Learning Association, and provide academic support to a large, diverse student population through free tutoring and computer assisted instruction at three campus locations. Our Math Success Centers in Cranford and Elizabeth offer targeted support in mathematics, engineering, and physics and provide a collaborative environment for our students. Our services are provided on a walk-in basis to ensure that students are able to obtain the help they need at the times that are most convenient. The ALCs provide students with tutoring services designed to: Union College has learning centers available on its three campuses located in Cranford, Elizabeth and Plainfield. SPRING/FALL Hours CranfordLocation: 1st floor of the MacKay BuildingPhone: (908) 709-7526Hours: Mondays – Thursdays | 8am – 9pmFridays | 8am – 5 pmSaturdays | 10am – 2 pm ElizabethLocation: 1st floor of the Kellogg BuildingPhone: (908) 965-6009Hours: Mondays – Thursdays | 8am – 7pmFridays | 8am – 5 pmSaturdays | 10am – 2 pm PlainfieldLocation: 1st floor of the Annex BuildingPhone: (908) 412-3540Hours: Mondays – Thursdays | 8am – 7pmFridays | 8am – 5 pm How do I get tutoring?Come to the ALC on any campus and check the tutoring schedule. Whenever a tutor is scheduled to be at the center, you may work with that tutor. Tutoring schedules may also be checked on Owl’s Nest. Do I need to call for an appointment?No appointment is necessary.  Our services are offered on a “walk-in” basis. Where are the Learning Centers located? How much does it cost?There is no charge to students currently enrolled in degree programs at Union College. You must, however, be enrolled in the course for which you are seeking tutoring. Can I get tutoring for a class that I will be taking next semester just to get a “head start?”Unfortunately, while we applaud a student’s initiative, we can only provide tutoring for courses in which he/she is currently enrolled. Tutoring is designed to support not replace the work of the professor for the course. Can the tutor come to my home?We do not permit our staff to tutor students outside the centers. What if I can’t come to campus? Can I get tutoring over the phone?We regret that we are unable to provide tutoring over the phone. This would take the tutors away from the tutees seeking their help. What courses are tutored at the ALC?Our tutoring schedule for all the courses tutored is on our website as well as at each learning center.  We try to offer support for as many courses as possible. The range of subjects covered may vary from one semester to the other. Is there a limit to the amount of tutoring I can receive?You can access as much assistance as you’d like, based upon the posted tutoring schedule. Can the tutor come to my home?We do not permit our staff to tutor students outside the centers. Can the English tutors proofread my paper?In order to maintain the integrity of the students’ work, our English tutors are instructed not to write on student papers. While tutors will assist the student in developing a theme or an idea for a paper, they will not write the paper for them. The tutor will point out recurring problems (i.e., tense, punctuation, spelling, etc.), but will not make any changes to the paper. Can I type my paper at the ALC?Yes, each ALC has computers available to any registered student as well as computer tutors to help with word processing questions. Can I access the Internet at the ALC?Yes, all computers have Internet access. You must, however, have a Union College student account to use the computers.  All Union College students have a computer account ready for accessing. ALC tutors will help you open your student account if you have not already done so. Besides tutoring, word processing and Internet access, what else does the ALC provide? Does the ALC provide online tutoring?The ALC is providing online tutoring using THINKINGSTORM to students enrolled in online and hybrid courses. You can access THINKINGSTORM through your CANVAS. Can I get a job at the ALC? Yes, the ALC employs student workers for subject matter tutoring, assistance in the computer labs and at the reception desk. Applications for employment are on our website and may be emailed to us. You will need to supply the names of two Union College faculty or staff members as references. We will contact them for you. How are the tutors selected?Peer tutors are often recommended by Union College faculty. Others apply for a job after they have come here for tutoring and have achieved success in their coursework. Also, some students come to us based upon recommendations of currently employed staff members. All tutors must have achieved at least a B+  in the course they wish to tutor as well as a recommendation from a faculty member in that discipline; they must have an overall GPA of at least 3.0. We also have paraprofessional tutors (tutors who have graduated from Union College) and a limited number of professional tutors (tutors who have a Master’s or Bachelor’s Degrees). English Mathematics 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-calendar/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/priorlearning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) is a way for students to gain credits towards their degree by assessing previous learning experiences that align with college-level learning. Union College awards credits for prior learning where there is documented evidence that the student has mastered course learning outcomes. Each type of prior learning is defined below. The process for approval may differ for each type of activity. Prior learning is defined as a student having the ability to be awarded credits in their program of study through the following activities or processes: The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning by completing a Challenge Exam. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Contact the academic division (see email below) to confirm the availability of a Challenge Exam for the requested course. Student will work with the academic division to schedule a date and time to complete the Challenge Exam. Step 2. Meet with an academic advisor to complete Part I of the Credit for Prior Learning: Challenge Exam form after the Challenge Exam date and time is scheduled. Step 3.  Submit the Credit for Prior Learning: Challenge Exam form and exam confirmation email from the academic division to pla@ucc.edu Step 4.  Complete the Challenge Exam. Step 5.  Union reviews the Challenge Exam results and potential course equivalency. Step 6.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu. The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning based on an earned licensure or government certification. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Meet with an academic advisor to complete Part I of the Credit for Prior Learning: Licensure/Government Certification form. Step 2.  Obtain a copy of approved license or government certification from awarding entity. Step 3.  Complete Part II of the Credit for Prior Learning: Licensure/Government Certification form. Step 4.  Submit the Credit for Prior Learning: Licensure/Government Certification form and copy of approved license or government certification to pla@ucc.edu Step 5.  Union reviews the submitted packet and potential course equivalency Step 6.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning by submitting a portfolio documenting prior work experience for review. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Review the Prior Learning Assessment Portfolio (PLA) Guidelines. Contact pla@ucc.edu with any questions regarding the guidelines. Step 2.  Develop the Portfolio with required items as described in the PLA Guidelines. Step 3.  Submit the complete PLA Portfolio packet to pla@ucc.edu Step 4.  Union reviews the submitted packet and potential course equivalency Step 5.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning based on ACE recommendation, industry-valued credential(s), industry exams or certifications, or Continuing Education and Workforce Development certificate of completion. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Meet with an academic advisor to complete Part I of the Credit for Prior Learning: Other PLA Models form. Step 2.  Obtain a copy of the relevant documentation to verify completion of the prior learning credential. Step 3.  Complete Part II of the Credit for Prior Learning: Other PLA Models form. Step 4.  Submit the Credit for Prior Learning: Other PLA Models form and copy of supporting documentation to pla@ucc.edu Step 5.  Union reviews the submitted packet and potential course equivalency. Step 6.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu Student Documents Faculty Documents 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-affairs/assessment/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Learning Outcomes Assessment Handbook Program Assessment Plan Mapping PLOs to CLOs Program Results: Closing the Loop Course Results: Closing the Loop 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/final-exam-schedule/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click the links below to view the Union College Final Exam Schedules.  
https://www.ucc.edu/unionbooksubscription/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College we are always looking for ways to improve student access, success, and innovation. That is why we have partnered with Cengage to provide your course materials via a digital book subscription beginning in Fall 2019. Students enrolled in a Cengage Unlimited book subscription program will benefit with electronic access from any device when fall classes start to all, or most, of the required course materials for an affordable price of $140 for a whole year! You will also have unlimited access to over 22,000-course materials in their library. You can access your digital materials from nearly 2000 computers across our campuses whenever the College is open.  CENGAGE Tech Support The Cengage Unlimited student support team delivers answers and advice via 24/7 live phone and chat support. If you have questions, please contact Cengage directly. Cengage Contact Info & Guide HOW WILL YOU GET ACCESS? You will access Cengage Unlimited through your class’s Canvas course at the start of the term. Once the term begins, you will: Go to Your Class’s Canvas Course  >> Click Modules on the Course Navigation strip >> Click the Cengage Link >> Sign In or Sign Up with Cengage  >> You’re All Set! You now have full access to Cengage Unlimited. You will access Cengage Unlimited through your class’ Canvas course shell. To begin you will: Go to Your Class’s Canvas Course  >> Click the Cengage Link  >> Sign In or Sign Up with Cengage  >> You’re All Set! You now have full access to Cengage Unlimited. LOOKING FOR MORE INFORMATION? Additional Student Getting Started Materials and specific details on Union College courses using Cengage Unlimited will be available over the coming weeks.    If you have general questions about the materials required for your classes reach out to the instructor teaching the class or the Dean of the Division.    CENGAGE UNLIMTED STUDENT SUPPORT The Cengage Unlimited student support team delivers answers and advice via 24/7 live phone and chat support. If you have questions, please let us know! Email Us Anytime CUIescalations@cengage.com Call Us Anytime 1-800-354-9706   
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-affairs/academic-master-plan/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The new five-year Academic Master Plan (AMP) focuses on Union College’s commitment to empower students in achieving their goals by providing access to high quality and affordable higher education to the residents of Union County. The values that guide the operation of the College are student success, excellence, student engagement, collaboration, integrity, stewardship, community engagement, diversity, and globalization. This AMP offers strategic and operational priorities for the Division of Academic Affairs through 2023, while building on current strengths and embracing new opportunities. This Plan will include the following academic years: In 2021-2022, if deemed relevant, the Plan will be reviewed for currency and for the inclusion of emerging trends and opportunities. In order to ensure the next Plan is prepared on a timely basis, in 2022-2023, a new Plan will be written so that a current AMP is available for the development of the next Matrix. Through the leadership of the Vice President for Academic Affairs, the Division Deans, faculty, and staff, the AMP outlines a bold vision to engage the entire College community and progressively bolster imperative success metrics, including enrollment, learning, retention, and graduation rates through four overarching Core Concepts: 1. Aligning academic efforts with workforce needs –to increase enrollment and preparedness of adult learners. 2. Applying creative and engaging strategies for teaching – to bolster effective teaching and learning outcomes. 3. Using targeted data and predictive analytics – to strengthen institutional and student success outcomes. 4. Developing collaborative partnerships – to advance institutional and student success with high schools, senior colleges, and businesses and industry partners. The central focus of this AMP is to foster student success through a pursuit of excellence while providing access to the transformative power of education to the Union County community. These four Core Concepts will be in large part accomplished by a number of “Next BIG Things:” All of these Core Concepts are intimately intertwined with one another to reinforce the goals of the College as it moves forward into the next decade. If faculty and students are engaged in the classroom, students will continue to engage as alumni. If data is obtained and maintained about current and potential procedures and opportunities, students will be better prepared to succeed at Union College, a senior college, and in the workforce. Collaborating with the community will enhance student engagement, workforce opportunities, and a wider population with which to obtain, share, and analyze meaningful data. In other words, everything that the College does can and should function as an ongoing effort among all parties to support its vision, goals, and success. Borrowing a powerful idea from entrepreneur Marcus Lemonis, star of the television show, The Profit, who breaks down any success into three key components: product, process, and people (Ciccarelli, 2015), we commit to continually refining our products (the curricula) and our services for the people that we serve – which include all our stakeholders, including students, alumni, staff, faculty, and our Union County community. In addition, we commit to processes that maintain our fiscal well-being and the development of new initiatives that will keep the College in the forefront of innovative practices and offerings. Finally, we will continue to strive to attract and employ people who support our success priority. Union College Academic Master Plan 2019-2024 
https://www.ucc.edu/library/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/transfer-assistance/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Thinking about Transferring? Prior to meeting with a transfer advisor review the transfer institutions course requirements and application deadline dates. Need more help with finding out what might transfer? Please visit www.njtransfer.org Visit Advising, Career, and Transfer Services on any campus and speak with a Transfer advisor to work on your plan for graduation and moving from Union to a Bachelor’s degree granting institution. www.njtransfer.org 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-course-catalog-archive/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 2023 – 2024 Academic Course Catalog:Browse Online Catalog 2022 – 2023 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2021 – 2022 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2020 – 2021 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2019 – 2020 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2018 – 2019 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2017 – 2018 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2016 – 2017 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2015 – 2016 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2014 – 2015 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2013 – 2014 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2012 – 2013 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2011 – 2012 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2008 – 2010 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2005 – 2007 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department offers a variety of affordable non-credit courses for professional development and industry credential attainment. Programming includes business, education, computers and technology, healthcare and more. Class schedules include evenings, daytime and Saturdays. We invite you to browse our catalog for a full look at instructor-led and programs by our professional experts and self-paced independent, online courses through: We can help you choose the right path and the right program for your educational journey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/current-catalog-and-registration/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Spring 2023 BrochureClick to View Brochure Key Registration Information: We are pleased to announce EASY self-enrollment is now available through our NEW registration platform. View the brochure below to see what courses we are offering this semester. Early enrollment is encouraged as class fill quickly. COURSES WITHOUT SUFFICIENT ENROLLMENT ARE CANCELLED 48 HOURS PRIOR TO THE COURSE START DATE! Please note: classes are offered in a variety of formats. Check brochure listing for details. Questions? Email us at coned@ucc.edu Would you like to receive updates on our course offerings? Click here to sign up for our emails. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department offers a variety of affordable non-credit courses for professional development and industry credential attainment. Programming includes business, education, computers and technology, healthcare and more. Class schedules include evenings, daytime and Saturdays. We invite you to browse our catalog for a full look at instructor-led and programs by our professional experts and self-paced independent, online courses through: We can help you choose the right path and the right program for your educational journey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/blog/2019/09/06/uniform-construction-code-courses-offered-at-union-county-college/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College CRANFORD – The Office of Continuing Education at Union College is offering Uniform Construction Code courses this semester for individuals interested in construction and licensure. These programs have been approved by the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs. Fire Inspector H.H.S. is a 60-hour hybrid program designed to prepare students to obtain licensing in the Fire Protection discipline of the New Jersey Uniform Construction Code after they have completed the Fire Inspector I.C.S. program. Course work includes the building use groups, types of construction, height and area, fire protection systems, and means of egress. Students will learn when the building codes require such systems and equipment in newly renovated structures, along with the standards for systems installations and acceptance testing. Textbook information is provided the first day of class. The in-person session will be held on Saturday, September 21 from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. at the Cranford campus. Online sessions will be held through the Canvas learning platform on Tuesday and Thursday evenings, September 23 through November 7 from 6:30 to 10:30 p.m. The cost of the Fire Inspector H.H.S. program is $650. Building Inspector R.C.S. is a 90-hour hybrid program which provides students with the educational information on building code requirements for medium-sized industrial and commercial structures. This course covers the following: structural systems, structural designs and analysis techniques, fire protection systems, systems design and installation practices, mechanical systems, general requirements of electrical and plumbing sub-codes, and plan review and field inspection. The in-person session will be held on Saturday, October 5 from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on the Cranford Campus. Online sessions will be held through the Canvas learning platform on Monday and Wednesday evening October 7 through December 23 from 6:30 to 10:30 p.m. The cost of the program is $785. The Electrical Inspector H.H.S. course is 45 hours in length and covers electrical service and sizing, branch circuit and feeder design, appliance and motor circuits, plan review and field inspection, systematic plans analysis, material requirements, installations methods, basic inspection, report writing, violations notices, inspection and recordkeeping. The course will be held on Tuesday and Thursday evenings from October 8 through November 26 from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. The prerequisite for this course is Electrical Inspector I.C.S., and the cost of the program is $525. For more information on these classes, please view the Continuing Education brochure online at www.ucc.edu/ce. One can also enroll by calling the Office of Continuing Education at (908) 709-7600 or by visiting the office on the Cranford campus. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/senior-programs/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College of Union County, New Jersey offers Senior programs to Union County residents aged 60 or older. This program is funded by the Union County Board of County Commissioners. We are pleased to announce EASY self-enrollment is available through our registration platform. View the brochure below to see what programs are being offered. Early enrollment is encouraged as classes fill quickly. Programs are offered in a variety of formats – so please check the brochure for details. Please note this registration system serves both Adult and Senior Scholar students. Senior Scholar classes will be listed alphabetically by name with “for Seniors 60+” following the name of the program i.e., Photo Archiving for Seniors 60+. Seniors BrochureClick to view Summer 2023 brochure! Subscribe to our mailing list so that you receive email notifications when we post our brochures each semester. Questions? Email us at coned@ucc.edu or call (908) 709-7600. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/youth-programs/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department Youth Programs are offered to students ages 8 to 14. To ensure the safety of our students, all programming will be through remote instruction. The magic in every student comes to life as never before when they are empowered to be as creative as they were all born to be! Black Rocket has twenty years of experience designing courses in the S.T.E.A.M fields. Every program is powered by the child’s innate imagination and designed to bring their ideas to life in a fun, hands-on learning environment. All Black Rocket programs mirror real-life experiences and the collaborative nature of the design process. Age Ranges: 8 to 14Offerings include Coding Academy, Minecraft Redstone Engineers, Roblox Makers, YouTube Content Creators and more. For course descriptions, tech requirements, pricing and registration: https://www.ucc.edu/blackrocket Questions: Call 908-709-7600 or email coned@ucc.edu Stay up to date on all our Youth Programs: Click here to sign on for our email list. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/teach-for-us/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College New classes – We are always looking for new classes to offer to the community, so if you have an idea for a new course please let us know! The first step is to complete the new course proposal form and send to Lisa Hiscano (View Lisa Hiscano Contact Info). Course syllabus – If you are a current instructor please complete the syllabus form and provide the required information requested in the documents. Course Attendance Sheet – If you are a current instructor, please complete the attendance sheet and enter the course and student information in preparation for each course you will teach. Please bring the form with you to each class and submit to the Continuing Education office with your roster and completed evaluation forms. Course Evaluation – Please click on the appropriate course evaluation for your class. Please make the appropriate number of copies at a campus copy machine and submit with your course documentation at the conclusion of class. CE Adult Course EvaluationCE Senior Scholar Course EvaluationCE Youth Program Evaluation 11-13 yearsCE Youth Program Evaluation 14+ years Prospective instructors –  If you are interested in teaching a course through the Continuing Education department, please check out the open job listings. If you are interested in teaching a program for youth (ages 11- 17) please see the open job listings. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College One of the best education and training resources in both quality and value is right here at Union College. Let the Industry-Business Institute (IBI) at Union College be your provider of choice for quality customized training solutions. We work side by side with clients to customize training solutions and deliver them with quality instructors, excellent materials and flexible scheduling. IBI is an approved training provider for the NJ Department of Labor Workforce Development Partnership Act and provides customized training grants and literacy training grants to eligible New Jersey employers. We secure and administer these grants at no cost to you. We are Business-Friendly, Business-Focused, Business-Minded! Try us! Stay informed about our training and recruiting resources for businesses/non-profits/employers. Click here. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/resources-for-business/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Invest in Your Most Valuable Resource…Your People! For decades, businesses in Union County have looked to the Industry-Business Institute (IBI) as a one-source solution for customized management and employee training needs. Training is a vital ingredient for success for new employees, or long term employees who need new skills, and the managers for whom they work. We deliver our training with quality instructors, excel­lent materials, and flexible scheduling. We also assist with need assessment, identify objectives, and recommend client-specific strategies. Our training solutions optimize retention of valued workers and help with change as business needs expand and evolve. IBI offers ongoing grant-funded programs in basic workforce and literacy skills through a grant from the NJ LWD to the New Jersey Community College Consortium. These are offered at our campuses on an open enrollment basis or at employer locations for existing staff in groups of ten (10) or more. IBI at Union College is an approved training provider for the NJ Department of Labor Workforce Development Partnership Act and provides customized training grants and literacy training grants to eligible New Jersey employers. We also provide assis­tance securing and administering these grants at no cost to you. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/talent-development-center/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College EMPLOYERS: As a partner in the effort to meet the skills and hiring needs for this sector, Union College provides pathways for your current employees through training programs where they can learn skills and earn industry valued credentials. We assist you with hiring new employees, and work with you to meet your company objectives. To submit open job descriptions, please use this link. JOB SEEKERS: We work with employers to identify hiring needs.  We recruit unemployed candidates for job training through the American Job Centers. We provide training and job development services for our trainees and help place them with our partner employers. Supply Chain Management Training Program
Students earn certification from the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP). Contact us at 908-965-2359 or ibi@ucc.edu to learn how you can utilize our training, recruiting and job development resources. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/clients-testimonials/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College ARC of Union County Advanced Gastroenterology Alent, Inc. Ammon Labs Alpha ALL-STATE LEGAL A&M Industrial The Alliance AmeriCare Physical Therapy Ann Klein Forensics Center Ashley Furniture Atalanta Atlantic Federal Credit Union The ARC of Union County Belting Industries Bergen Logistics Blue Blade Steel Celgene, Inc. Chemetall, Inc. City of Plainfield Clear Skies Title Comcast Community Coordinated Child Care of Union County The Connection Corbett Exterminators Cox Stationers and Printers
Crowne Plaza County of Union Damon Douglas Danline Quality Brushes Easter Seals East Bergen Board of Realtors East Coast Warehouse & Distribution Elizabethtown Gas FCC Products Fedway Associates, Inc. First Union Garden Homes Management Corp The Gateway Family YMCA Greater Westfield Area Chamber of Commerce Guest Packaging Hellmann Worldwide Logistics HMS Host Hussey Marine Alloys IBEW Local 102 Ideal Dairy Farms Inroads to Opportunity Interbake Foods Jewish Family Services JF Hillebrand JFK Hackensack Meridian Johnstone Supply Joule Staffing Kalustyan Corp Kessler Foundation Keller Williams Lincoln Mold & Die Lineage Logistics, Inc. Mack-Cali Realty Corp. Maher Terminals Master Cutlery Metropolitan Home Healthcare Maersk Lines Merck and Company, Inc Michael Foods MTF NATC Donuts Newark Beth Israel Hospital New Jersey Precision Technologies New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association New Jersey Transit Newmark High School On-Time Transport Operating Engineers Local 825 Patel Printing Plus Patwin Plastics Partners Healthcare Performance Rehabilitation Plainfield Board of Education Prevention Links Pride and Service Elevator Prism Vision Group Phelps Dodge Print-Tech Puleo International Quality Indexing Rahway Chamber of Commerce Registrar & Transfer Company Rent the Runway Rider Insurance Roche Molecular Systems Roselle Bank RSI Bank RWJ University Hospital City of Rahway Runnells Hospital Sami Enterprises Schering-Plough Corporation Scotch Plains – Fanwood High School Senior Spirit Shipco Transport South Jersey Industries St. Peter’s Health Care Suburban Chambers of Commerce Summit Area YMCA SYSCO Foods transdev Trinitas Hospital Tropical Cheese Industries UCEDC Union Center National Bank US Ecology United Community Corporation United Way of Union County United Window & Door UTC Overseas Valcor Engineering Wakefern Food Corporation XPO Logistics YMCA of Eastern Union County YWCA of Eastern Union County 
   
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/resources-for-job-seekers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Industry-Business Institute works closely with the following resources at Union College. Please explore the links below to find the support you need with your job search. Career Services Center (open to the community) Workforce Innovation Business Center Center for Economic and Workforce Development 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College About / Mission This program was established in 2014 by the Union County Board of Commissioners, the Union County Workforce Development board and Union College. The Workforce Innovation Business Center builds on the success of Union County’s American Job Centers, and on the Board of Commissioner’s partnership with Union College. Through this rapidly growing relationship, job seekers can access training and other career services that help match them with prospective employers. The Workforce Innovation Business Center is a full-service learning center serving the business community and local residents of Union County New Jersey and beyond. Our Mission
For Job/Career Seekers The Center provides training and coaching to individuals preparing to enter the workforce and develop a career. For Businesses The Center serves as a resource to assist businesses in training, recruiting and hiring qualified employees through job fairs, facility rentals, job postings, job candidate pools and referral services. 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/partnerships/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College THE WIBC has partnered and worked with many companies such as :   40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/workplace-readiness-skills-training/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The workplace readiness (soft skills) training course is a comprehensive 40-hour curriculum offered over two (2) weeks and developed by Union College. The course is designed to help Union County residents enter the workforce with a foundation of skills that apply across a wide range of positions. The Workforce Innovation Business Center’s Soft Skills training covers: 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/job-and-training-counseling/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The WIBC provides one-on-one job counseling sessions. This is a type of counseling that focuses on helping our clients make the best of their careers. The main goal of a job counseling session  is to find careers that best fit personality, education experience, aptitudes, skill sets, interests, and long term objectives. The WIBC staff also provides assistance in developing a winning resume. It also holds mock interviews to improve  job interview skills.   40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/on-the-job-training-resource-for-employers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College On-the-Job Training (OJT) is a wage reimbursement program through the Union County Board of Commissioners and the Union County Workforce Development Board. This is a government initiative to assist eligible Union County workers in finding employment. Under this program, employers are provided a wage subsidy of up to 50 percent of the new hire’s salary during the first six months on the job to help defray the cost of training new employees. It is funded by the Union County Board of Commissioners through the Union County Workforce Development Board. This funding can be up to as much as $4,000 per employee. 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/other-resources-for-employers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Services to Businesses To Submit Job Descriptions to our Staff, click here 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to developing partnerships with business, industry, hospitals and professional and governmental groups to meet the changing workforce requirements of our region and also to serve as a learning center for the community and surrounding areas. Union College has developed and continues to develop innovative programs which provide lifelong learning, job training, career-enhancing professional certifications and enrichment for the College’s neighbors of all ages.   
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/basic-skills/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Adult Basic Education The Center’s Adult Basic Education programs are designed to facilitate and increase the ability of adults to read, problem-solve and expand their language usage and are based College and Career Readiness Standards. Students will enter the program after taking the Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment System (CASAS) in order to be placed in the correct level of instruction.  Upon successful program completion, the participants will be post tested on the CASAS to appropriately move them in other basic education classes, to occupational training programs or into employment.  An additional objective of the program is to prepare adults with learning materials, skills, and experiences that will prepare them to successfully participate in occupational training, college courses or taking the GED. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/english-as-second-language/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College English as a Second Language WIOA Title II Grant Opportunity English as a Second Language (ESL) focuses on providing instruction to non-English speaking students in need of English acquisition for employment and to continue their education in the United States. The program introduces the students to the fundamentals of the English Language with emphasis on speaking and comprehension. Did you know Union College offers 2 ESL Programs? CEWD ESL is for beginner students, while IIE is for intermediate to advanced students. If you want more info about the other program, Visit Union’s ESL homepage.   Students are exposed to a variety of learning experiences essentials to daily life in the United States. The course also provides students with exposure to the social and cultural life in the US, such as greetings, introductions, and forms of address. After each classroom lesson there is an opportunity for the students to review and reinforce the concepts presented through the use of ESL software set up in the computer lab. Post testing occurs at the end of each cycle of instruction, and students can advance to other levels of English instruction, to Adult Basic Educational classes, Occupational Training or enter Postsecondary Education depending on their individual test results. Union College uses standardized assessments that have been sanctioned by the State of New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development. ESL Civics Program Through the WIOA Title II Grant – We can help you at no-cost. CEWD Recruitment at (908) 659-5114 or by email at CEWD-Recruiting@ucc.edu English as a Second Language Level 1 and Level 2 for entrance to the Institute for Intensive English (Tuition Based Program) Learn English through a combination of listening, speaking, reading and writing classes. Classes are available for students at all levels. Students in the ESL program improve their English to meet their job, academic, and life goals. After placement testing, students enter an appropriate ESL level of instruction depending on their abilities. The placement test is available on all three campuses throughout the year. To get started: 1. Complete a College application online or in person at one of the College One Stop Centers. 2. After you apply, you will receive a College ID number and then take an ESL Placement test in person or online. For testing information, go to www.ucc.edu/testing and click on Make ESL Testing Appointment. 3. After you have tested, register for courses. ESL Beginner Program – Level 1 Prerequisite: College ESL Placement test. Required Courses: ESL Intermediate Program – Level 2 Prerequisite: College ESL Placement test or successful completion of all 3 of Level 1 courses. Required Courses: Elizabeth Campus Classes Call 908-659-5114 for questions/registration Plainfield Campus Classes Call 908-412-3557 for questions/registration Cost is $270 per course/three required courses per level/$810 total cost per level 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/job-connections-newsletter/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College OUR JOB CONNECTIONS NEWSLETTER IS PUBLISHED WEEKLY To submit listings for a job, recruitment event, a training program, employers please click here. To receive our weekly Job Connections newsletter in your email, click here. Weekly Job Listings / Current Job Opportunities: May 22, 2023 – May 26, 2023 May 1, 2023 – May 5, 2023 March 20, 2023 – March 24, 2023 February 20, 2023 – February 24, 2023 February 13, 2023 – February 17, 2023 February 06, 2023 – February 13, 2023 January 23, 2023 – January 27, 2023 January 09, 2023 – January 13, 2023 January 02, 2023 – January 06, 2023 December 05, 2022 – December 09, 2022 November 21, 2022 – November 25, 2022 November 7, 2022 – November 11, 2022 October 31, 2022 – November 4, 2022 October 3, 2022 – October 7, 2022 September 26, 2022 – September 30, 2022 September 19, 2022 – September 23, 2022 September 12, 2022 – September 16, 2022 August 19, 2022 – September 1, 2022 August 15, 2022 – August 19, 2022 July 25, 2022 – July 29, 2022 July 11, 2022 to July 14, 2022 June 27, 2022 to July 1, 2022 June 20, 2022 to June 25, 2022 June 6, 2022 to June 10, 2022 May 23, 2022 to May 27, 2022 May 16, 2022 to May 20, 2022 May 2, 2022 to May 6, 2022 April 18, 2022 to April 22, 2022 April 4, 2022 to April 8, 2022 March 21, 2022 to March 25, 2022 March 7, 2022 to March 11, 2022 February 28, 2022 to March 4, 2022 February 14, 2022 to February 18, 2022 January 31, 2022 to February 4, 2022 January 17, 2022 to January 21, 2022 December 20, 2021 to December 31, 2021 November 22, 2021 to November 26, 2021 November 1, 2021 to November 5, 2021 October 18, 2021 to October 22, 2021 October 4, 2021 to October 7, 2021 September 20, 2021 to September 24, 2021 September 6, 2021 to September 10, 2021 August 30, 2021 to September 3, 2021 August 23, 2021 to August 27, 2021 August 9, 2021 to August 13, 2021 August 2, 2021 to August 06, 2021 July 19, 2021 to July 23, 2021 July 12, 2021 to July 16, 2021 June 28, 2021 to July 2, 2021 June 21, 2021 to June 25, 2021 June 14, 2021 to June 18, 2021 May 31, 2021 to June 4, 2021 May 24, 2021 to May 28, 2021 May 17, 2021 to May 21, 2021 May 10, 2021 to May 14, 2021 April 26, 2021 to April 30, 2021 April 19, 2021 to April 23, 2021 March 22, 2021 to March 26, 2021 March 1, 2021 to March 5, 2021 February 8, 2021 to February 12, 2021 February 1, 2021 to February 5, 2021 January 11, 2021 to January 15, 2021 December 18, 2020 to December 25, 2020 November 30, 2020 to December 06, 2020 November 23, 2020 to November 29, 2020 November 16, 2020 to November 22, 2020 November 9, 2020 to November 16, 2020 November 2, 2020 to November 8, 2020 October 19, 2020 to October 25, 2020 October 12, 2020 to October 18, 2020 October 05, 2020 to October 11, 2020 September 28, 2020 to October 4, 2020 September 21, 2020 to September 27, 2020 September 14, 2020 to September 20, 2020 September 7, 2020 to September 13, 2020 August 31, 2020 to September 06, 2020 August 24, 2020 to August 30, 2020 August 17, 2020 to August 23, 2020 August 10, 2020 to August 16, 2020 August 03, 2020 to August 09, 2020 July 27, 2020 to August 03, 2020 July 20, 2020 to July 26, 2020 July 13, 2020 to July 19, 2020 June 29, 2020 to July 05, 2020 June 22, 2020 to June 29, 2020 March 16, 2020 to March 22, 2020 March 9, 2020 to March 15, 2020 March 02, 2020 to March 08, 2020 February 24, 2020 to March 01, 2020 February 17, 2020 to February 23, 2020 February 10, 2020 to February 16, 2020 February 3, 2020 to February 9, 2020 January 27, 2020 to February 2, 2020 January 13, 2020 to January 19, 2020 January 6, 2020 to January 12, 2020 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/job-development-department/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Job Development Department The Center for Economic and Workforce Development (CEWD) Job Development Staff is responsible for providing career advisement to students and connecting them to employment.  The CEWD Job Developer’s role includes providing career assessments so that students can develop educational and career plans based on their interests, academic levels and employment history.  During the career assessment, the use of applications, such as O*net and NJCAN, help students complete a career survey.  Recently, we incorporated NJ Career Connections into our curriculum and individual counseling sessions. Employer Partnerships Employer partnerships are key to the success of our Job Developers who continually reach out to local employers to identify open positions for CEWD students in our Occupational and Basic Adult Education Training programs where they earn industry-recognized credentials in a number of professions. Contact our Job Development Team at 908-659-5105: Contact Katrina James-Pellam Submit Open Jobs to our team here. CEWD Job Development workshops include: Creating and modifying resume/cover letters Strengthening interview skills follow up with recording mock interviews Creating LinkedIn accounts and the use of LinkedIn as a tool for networking Learning the importance of networking and marketing their skills Dressing for success Job and Career Fairs Developing short-term and long-term goals Using Internet Search Engines 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/resources-for-job-seekers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College’s Center for Economic and Workforce development offers the following training programs: Fundamentals of Supply Chain Management Program: This program provides training leading to certification by the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP). It is designed for the person who has some work experience , and prepares for entry level positions in the transportation, logistics and distribution industry. It includes four modules plus job search and workplace skills training. The program is 180 hours long. Job development and counseling are also provided. Program Includes: Total Hours: 180 Hours Patient Care Technician The Patient Care Technician plays a key role in any health care facility. Patient Care Technicians are authorized to administer basic medical care to patients. Multi-skilled Patient Care Technicians will provide quality care to patients by assisting with ADLs (activities of daily living), taking vital signs, assisting with medical examinations and treatment. Additional responsibilities of the PCT may include EKG and phlebotomy. In this course students will learn collaboration and patient management processes, body mechanics, vital signs, ambulatory care and patient positioning for treatment and rehabilitation. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 312 hours Administrative Assistant: This program provides training in the use of current software employed in today’s modern office. The student will receive instruction and gain proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel and MS Outlook. This course is designed for the person who has some computer proficiency and has typing skills and some work experience. Center for Economic & Workforce Development programs provide computer assisted instruction to give students an opportunity to reinforce new computer skills and to review class work. Counseling and job development are also provided. A certificate is issued upon completion of the program and meeting the attendance requirements. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 315 hours Accounting Technician: This program prepares the student for an entry level position in the accounting field. This program will provide instruction in financial language, preparation of journals, ledgers, and the financial statements. All areas of instruction will also be implemented by use of computerized accounting software. Center for Economic & Workforce Development programs provide computer assisted instruction to give students an opportunity to reinforce new computer skills and to review class work. Counseling and job development are also provided. A certificate is issued upon completing the program and meeting the attendance requirements. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 315 hours Computerized Office Skills: This program provides training in the use of current software employed in today’s modern office. In this program, the person with little or no computer proficiency or work experience will become adept with the applications most utilized in office operations in today’s world. The student will receive computer assisted instruction and gain proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel and MS Outlook. Counseling and job development are also provided. A certificate is issued upon completion of the program and meeting the attendance requirements. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 315 hours Pharmacy Technician:
The Pharmacy Technician program prepares students for jobs in the allied health field where they will be skilled to work under the supervision of a licensed Pharmacist. Pharmacy Technicians assist in dispensing prescriptions in retail and private pharmacies.
Program Includes: Deleted: Certifications: Total Hours: 135 hours 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/advising-career-and-transfer/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Staff contact information, photos, and profiles are available below! Click Here for Our Hours Remote Student Services Center:To access remote services, click here. Extended hours offered during January and August: please check www.ucc.edu calendar for up to date information. Where we are located: Cranford Campus: Student Development Building, 1st FloorElizabeth Campus: Lessner Building, 1st  FloorPlainfield Campus: Logos Building, 1st Floor We assist students with the following: Not sure who your advisor is? Log into your Self Service account, click on “Student Planning”, then “Go to Plan & Schedule” and lastly click on the “Advising” tab. Interested in learning more about your major and potential salary earnings? Click here to review, by major our different academic maps Visit our Degrees, Certificates and Classes site and become familiar with your major and course requirements. Need Career Advisement? Deciding on a major and a career can be a daunting process, but you don’t have to do it alone!  Our Career Services staff is here to assist you in all areas of your career exploration, career planning, and job or internship search.  Career Services offerings include, but are not limited to: For additional information and contact information, visit the Career Services page Parental Roles in College:Parents are accustomed to playing an active role in their student’s education. In a college setting the roles change tremendously because the student has entered a post secondary education. A college student is considered an adult in the eyes of the law. Parents are welcome to accompany the student when meeting with the Advisor if they are invited by the student. Please note, by law (FERPA- Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) we need the approval from the student to release any information to the parents. Questions? Please contact us at advising@ucc.edu 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/academicmaps/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Explore academic programs, action steps, and career and transfer information. Allied Sciences Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in health care professions such as ASL, EMT, Nursing, Physical Therapist Assistant, Psychosocial Rehabilitation, Radiography, Sonography and more! Business Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Accounting, Business, Supply Chain Management, Public Administration, Sport Management, and Hotel Restaurant and Tourism. Civil Service and Paralegal Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Criminal Justice, Fire Science Technology and Paralegal Studies. Exploratory Degrees and Certificates Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Liberal Arts and Liberal Studies. Beneficial for students to obtain an overview of various disciplines and lays foundation for many programs. Humanities Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in English, Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, Media, Graphic Design, Theater and Visual Arts. Social Sciences, History and Education Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Psychology, Sociology, Social Services, History, Education and Early Childhood Education. Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Biology, Chemistry, Mathematics, Cybersecurity, Engineering, Automotive Technology, Computer Science, and Photovoltaic. 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/career-center/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Career Services is a part of the Advising, Career, & Transfer (ACT) department at Union College. We provide career assessments, internship & employment guidance & postings, and workshops and services to students and alumni of Union College, residents of Union County, and businesses within the county and beyond. Career Services is available to students on all three campuses, and we are accessible remotely. You can reach us at careerservices@ucc.edu or email Dominique Maynard directly. A sample of services provided for students, alumni, and Union County residents include: 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/disability-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to providing an inclusive educational experience for students with disabilities. Disability Support Services (DSS) are designed to assist students with documented disabilities. The goal is to ensure that each Union College student is provided equal access to the College’s academic programs, activities, and awards without discrimination on the basis of a disabling condition.  Students who have documented disabilities may receive help with the following: Student support services at Union do not include the following: When should I submit the accommodation request? As early as possible! Accommodation requests should to be made before the beginning of each semester to ensure full use of accommodations for the entire semester as Accommodations are not retroactive. Students are eligible to submit the disability services as soon as they are accepted to Union. 1. Assemble Supporting Documentation (Downloadable Word and PDF documents)  The online application requires students to submit documentation of their disability. Documentation must be current (generally within the last 3 years). Make sure you review the above links before uploading your documentation to the the online application. 2. Complete the Disability Services Application (Online Form) All students desiring Disability Support Services must submit the online application via the above link. 3. Meet with a DSS Coordinator to Determine Eligibility   Once documentation is reviewed the student will be asked to schedule a meeting with the DSS Coordinator to discuss accommodation needs.  Accommodations are based solely on the documentation and student interview. No accommodation request is official until the Accommodation Alert Form is provided to the professor. Union College adheres to the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, including the recent Amendments, and Section 504 of the Vocational Rehabilitation Act of 1973 which prohibit discrimination on the basis of disability. A student with a disability who believes they has been a victim of discrimination should refer to the Grievance Procedure for Students published in the Union College Student Handbook for resolution of the grievance/concern. Staff Address Office of Disability Support ServicesStudent Development Building, Room SD-1151033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ 07016 Office Phone and Email 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/educational-opportunity-fund/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College What is the Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF) Program?For over 50 years, the EOF program has provided students from educationally and economically disadvantaged backgrounds an opportunity to pursue a college degree.  Created by statute in 1968, EOF has provided academic, financial, and social support to thousands of students.  The Program is geared toward students who: For more general information about the State of New Jersey Department of Higher Education Educational Opportunity Fund program, please visit the official state website at: https://www.nj.gov/highereducation/EOF/ Services and Benefits to Students How can I apply? Applying for the Fall or Spring Semester Pending overall program space availability, applications will be available at the beginning of the Fall Semester for EOF Transfer Students. Currently enrolled Union College students and first-time college students who did not attend an EOF Summer Program Session. To complete an EOF Academic Year application, please click here. Applying for the EOF Summer Program Priority for acceptance into the EOF program is given to first-time, full-time college students who attend an EOF Summer Program session. Space in EOF and each session is limited, so interested students are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. For more information about the EOF Summer Program, please click here. Educational Opportunity Fund Program1033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ, 07016 Phone: 908-709-7088Email: eof@ucc.edu 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/graduation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College You’ve worked hard to achieve academic success! You’ve rearranged schedules, balanced family and job responsibilities. It’s time to apply for graduation and attend the commencement ceremony! If you plan to transfer to an in-state four-year college, completing your Associate’s Degree improves the transferability of your credits you have earned at Union College. In order to confirm you are ready to graduate, visit one of our Student Services Centers to meet with an advisor to complete a degree audit. Contact the Graduation team if you have any questions: 
https://www.ucc.edu/nso
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College New Student Orientation (NSO) at Union College is for all first-time, full-time students entering the College during the Fall or Spring semester. At NSO, students will learn how to set up college email, navigate our systems, meet with an academic advisor, and register for courses.  Attending these sessions will help you build a solid foundation of student success. Part time students are encouraged to attend New Student Orientation. Questions? Please contact us at orientation@ucc.edu High School New Student Orientation Dates: In-Person Orientations  Please arrive at the event start time! If you cannot attend an In-person Owl Orientation, please utilize our Virtual Owl Orientation. We have provided you with a virtual experience where you can gain more knowledge about the resources that Union College has to offer, while learning how to navigate through the various portals. Please click on the link below to access and complete the Virtual Owl Orientation (Your OKTA account must set-up to access). View Virtual Student Orientation 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Student Services Centers are available on all Union College campuses and offer you the flexibility of taking care of all of your college needs in one place! Each will offer you a wide variety of services for new, returning and continuing students. Quick questions? “Knock” on the door of one of the Student Services Associates below. If you want to chat with an advisor, click below. Office Hours (Fall – Spring) Office Hours (Summer) Have questions about the following areas? Click below. One Stop Operations 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/testing/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Please email testingcenter@ucc.edu or call 908-709-7486 with any questions you may have regarding the Directed Self-Placement processes or ESL testing. Cranford CampusStudent Service Center SD1301033 Springfield Ave.Cranford, NJ908-709-7486 Monday – Friday   8:30am – 4:30pm Elizabeth CampusStudent Services Center L12240 W. Jersey StreetElizabeth, NJ 07202908-709-7486 Monday – Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm The College offers the Directed Self-Placement (DSP) Test to ensure you are properly placed into English and Math courses. If you do not qualify for one of our exemptions, you must complete one of our placement tests before enrolling in classes.Directed Self-Placement Testing Page The English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESL) Test is designed to measure the English skills of non-native English speakers. If English is not your first language, you may need to take the ESL test.ESL Testing Page The College offers the College Level Examination Program (CLEP) Test for certain subjects. By taking the CLEP exam, you may earn college credits. This is an excellent way to get closer to your degree in a timely and cost-effective manner.CLEP Testing Page In the state of NJ there are two types of High School Equivalency Assessments: GED and HiSET. Union College administers the HiSET High School Equivalency Assessment offered through ETS* in ENGLISH only.HiSET Testing Page Contact Union College Disability ServicesIf you require any special accommodations in education, you may request such accommodations by contacting the Coordinator of Disability Support Services.Disability Services Page Contact the Union College Testing CenterCall Testing Center Main Phone: 908-709-7486Email testingcenter@ucc.edu 
https://www.unionowls.com/landing/index
 
Union College 1033 Springfield Ave. Cranford, NJ 07016 Tel: (908) 709-7094 Fax: (908) 709-7097Privacy Policy
 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/college-life/campus-recreation-fitness/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The fitness center is only open to currently enrolled students, faculty, and staff. You do not have to make an appointment to use the fitness center, walk-ins are welcomed. View Fitness Center Page with Hours of Operation Fitness Center The Fitness Center is located on the 2nd floor of the Campus Center on the Cranford Campus. All current students are encouraged to utilize the newly renovated facility. To enter the Fitness Center all current students MUST have a student ID with a current semester sticker. All members must also fill out a waiver form to be kept on file and create a fitness center account to enter and exit each visit. Location Union College, Cranford Campus, Second floor of the Campus Center building.   Equipment Available Intramurals Program All current students are eligible to participate in intramurals sports and events.  All students must produce a current ID with a semester sticker to participate. Intramural sports offered but not limited to: basketball, indoor soccer, volleyball, dodgeball, whiffle ball and flag football.  You can participate in intramurals on the Cranford or Elizabeth campuses; just come and have fun. YMCA For students in the Elizabeth campus, the YMCA is available to those students free of cost.  All current students must show a current schedule and ID to the YMCA and create an account.  Memberships are only valid for each semester.  ID and schedule must be shown to renew your account. For more information on Athletics, Intramurals, and fitness visit the Athletic website here. Follow Athletics on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter @UnionOwls. 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/college-life/student-clubs/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Clubs and Organizations
Student clubs and organizations are a fun and vital part of the Union College experience and are designed to serve the diverse needs and interests of our students. Engaging in a club or organization is an important way of developing leadership skills, forming friendships, cultural expression, skill development or aiding you in your future career. Student Government Association sponsors all student club and organization activities to full-time and part-time students. All students are encouraged to participate in the activities and events offered on the Cranford, Elizabeth, and Plainfield Campuses. Categories of Clubs 
https://www.ucc.edu/events/category/collegelife
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/bookstore
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Campus Bookstores are your number one source for all your college shopping needs. The stores have everything you need to succeed: new, used, rental and digital course materials, plus a large assortment of school supplies, backpacks, technology, and more. You can also get Owl’s gear and snacks! Financial aid accepted as payment. Contact store for details. How do I purchase my course materials? In person You may purchase your books in-person at any of the campus bookstores. Please note that books are only available at the campus where the class is being held.On the Web Order online at the following web sites for delivery or in-store pick-up. Financial aid available online during the book allowance dates. Questions? Please contact the Cranford Campus Bookstore at (908) 709-7619 or the Elizabeth Campus Bookstore at (908) 965-6068. 
https://www.ucc.edu/library/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/union-county-college-foundation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union County College Foundation The Union County College Foundation was established in 1977 with the mission of supporting the educational needs of Union College students by providing resources not available through public funding. Foundation dollars provide support for scholarships, equipment, facilities, academic programs and special projects. Union County College Foundation
1033 Springfield Avenue
Cranford, NJ 07016 Hours:
Monday – Friday
8:30am to 4:30pm
(908) 709-7505 View Douglas Rouse Contact Info View Brittney Mack Contact Info View Kaitlyn Veliz Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/canvas
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Canvas is a learning management system that the college utilizes to provide students with online instruction. You can either: App Store Links
App download is not required as Canvas can be viewed in a web browser.
Below are the download links to install the Canvas App on your mobile device: Student Guides Need Assistance?
Students seeking help with Canvas can: 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/graduation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College You’ve worked hard to achieve academic success! You’ve rearranged schedules, balanced family and job responsibilities. It’s time to apply for graduation and attend the commencement ceremony! If you plan to transfer to an in-state four-year college, completing your Associate’s Degree improves the transferability of your credits you have earned at Union College. In order to confirm you are ready to graduate, visit one of our Student Services Centers to meet with an advisor to complete a degree audit. Contact the Graduation team if you have any questions: 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Student Services Centers are available on all Union College campuses and offer you the flexibility of taking care of all of your college needs in one place! Each will offer you a wide variety of services for new, returning and continuing students. Quick questions? “Knock” on the door of one of the Student Services Associates below. If you want to chat with an advisor, click below. Office Hours (Fall – Spring) Office Hours (Summer) Have questions about the following areas? Click below. One Stop Operations 
https://www.ucc.edu/canvas
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Canvas is a learning management system that the college utilizes to provide students with online instruction. You can either: App Store Links
App download is not required as Canvas can be viewed in a web browser.
Below are the download links to install the Canvas App on your mobile device: Student Guides Need Assistance?
Students seeking help with Canvas can: 
https://my.ucc.edu/home/bookmark/0oa2g8ecz12Wee5Mf4x7/2557
 Sign in with your Union College account to access Owlsnest 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College.Whether you are a current student who is already an important part of our community or looking for the perfect college to pursue your academic interests and occupational dreams, I am honored to welcome you to Union College. With a heritage as rich as ours, it is tempting to focus on the College’s unique role as the first of New Jersey’s nineteen community colleges. Founded in 1933, our local roots run deep, from our humble beginnings when our first classes were taught at night at Abraham Clark High School in Roselle. But the real story celebrates how far the College has evolved in the last eight decades. With four campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield and Scotch Plains and students from 83 countries, our college community represents and reflects one of the most diverse populations in the world. Committed to serving this extraordinary community with pride and enthusiasm, we offer over 60 degree and certificate programs in arts, science and applied science, as well as continuing education, career programs and intensive English language studies. Together our faculty, administrators and staff are united in our mission to educate and empower our students in their quest to learn and to better serve the needs of our community. Like our founders, who created this school to help out-of-work teachers find employment during the Great Depression, we are committed to enhancing the lives of career-minded and transfer-oriented students who deserve and appreciate a stepping stone to a better life. Welcome to Union College. I invite you to learn more about us by exploring this website and visiting our campus. Margaret M. McMenamin, Ed.D.President 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/american-honors/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The American Honors Program helps students earn bachelor’s degrees from great schools. American Honors is for high achieving, academically motivated students who attend and graduate from Union College and then transfer to a four-year institution. Students who are accepted into the American Honors program will have access to small class sizes under 20 students, classes taught by full-time faculty members, professional academic advising, transfer support, admission to numerous seminars and workshops, and access to the Honors lounge! Contact American Honors honors@ucc.edu
 (908) 497-4394 Honors classes are small, seminar style classes that promote student engagement. Classes are limited to 20 students and are taught by the College’s most distinguished faculty. Honors classes focus on a learner centered pedagogy, enhancing critical thinking and inquiry. Honors students have a dedicated academic specialist who provides personalized advisement and helps support their success. The academic specialist guides their students with registration through graduation, campus resources, and transfer. The Honors Lounge serves as the center of the Honors program. Students meet here for study sessions, game nights, meetings, and events. Workshops, social events, alumni transfer panels, and faculty meet and greets are just a few ways that students can build relationships with faculty and peers. American Honors students… For full consideration, apply by August 15th for the Fall semester or by December 15th for the Spring semester. While completing the application to attend Union College, make sure you answer “Yes” to the question asking if you are interested in the American Honors program. After you complete the main Union College Application, you will automatically be provided access to apply for the supplemental American Honors application. Our program strives to recruit the best and brightest students. Your story and strong academic background are crucial aspects we use to evaluate your application.  The admissions process consists of submitting a completed application, all education transcripts, test scores, and possible interview in which the Admissions Committee will then consider all aspects in a timely matter before the admissions decision is relayed to the applicant. This process could take up to several weeks and we appreciate your patience. Meet the Honors Faculty! “The American Honors program provided me with an environment to grow as a student and a person!” “The American Honors program helped me greatly when it came to the transition from high school to college. College can be a stressful experience, but because of American Honors and the amazing advisors, I enjoyed studying here.” “American Honors is a community full of motivated individuals that push you to succeed.” 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/union-county-college-foundation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union County College Foundation The Union County College Foundation was established in 1977 with the mission of supporting the educational needs of Union College students by providing resources not available through public funding. Foundation dollars provide support for scholarships, equipment, facilities, academic programs and special projects. Union County College Foundation
1033 Springfield Avenue
Cranford, NJ 07016 Hours:
Monday – Friday
8:30am to 4:30pm
(908) 709-7505 View Douglas Rouse Contact Info View Brittney Mack Contact Info View Kaitlyn Veliz Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/human-resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College Human Resources Department works in partnership with managers and their teams, with individual employees, and with other groups to provide programs and services that create a work environment of employee empowerment and involvement in the mission of the college. Our core values of customer orientation, continuous improvement, teamwork, and achieving results are woven into every aspect of human resource management. Union College offers open access to high quality, affordable academic programs, including associate degree and certificate programs. We are committed to excellence in teaching and learning and provide academic preparation for transfer to four-year institutions, career preparation for entry into high-demand occupational fields, developmental coursework, and lifelong learning opportunities. Human Resources is committed to: We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultation and communication with the campus community. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/institutional-research/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Assessment, Planning and Research The goal of the department is to design, implement and maintain a program of assessment, planning and research consistent with the mission, goals and objectives of the College for the purposes of institutional management, policy formulation, decision-making, evaluation, accountability and development. To access the results of the 2018 Economic Impact Study, please follow the links below: The department’s top objective is to provide timely and accurate information to our community of stakeholders as well as external agencies (e.g., the New Jersey Office of the Secretary of Higher Education, the Middle States Commission on Higher Education and the US Department of Education) to fulfill mandated reporting requirements. We invite you to view our common data set for institutional characteristics and figures; our disclosures page for information regarding the Student-Right-to-Know Act; and our excellence and accountability page to view our annual institutional profile, job placement rates, licensure examination pass rates and distinguishing features. For additional information regarding the College’s statistical data including financial aid, net price of attendance and student loan default rates, please visit the College Navigator National Center for Education Statistics and the Student Consumer Information Page. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/opra/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Need a transcript? If you are a current or former student and need a transcript, please visit the college’s transcript page. Do NOT submit an OPRA request for a transcript. Union College provides access to government records in compliance with the New Jersey Public Access to Government Records Law, known as the Open Public Records Act or OPRA, N.J.S.A. 47:1A-1 et. seq. Union College has appointed a College Custodian of Records who is responsible for implementing the duties and responsibilities provided by this law. Requests for access to government records must be in writing. The law specifically provides that Union College employees who receive a request for access to records shall forward the request to the College Custodian of Records, or direct the requestor to the Custodian at oprarequests@ucc.edu. Only the Custodian of Records is authorized to release or deny the release of a college record under this law. SummaryGenerally, the right of public access to government records under OPRA may be subject to inspection, and/or copying, upon request by a citizen of the state of New Jersey. There are numerous exceptions for various categories of documents that are not considered government records under the law or are exempt from disclosure under other applicable federal or state laws, regulations, or orders. It is important to note that the law provides for access to records; it does not require Union College to create documents for the purpose of replying to requests for information. Time FrameThe law provides the time frame in which to respond to a request for a record. A response will typically be made to the request within seven (7) business days of a written request. The Custodian of Records will determine if a request is made for an available government record, if the record does not exist, or if the records is unavailable or privileged. If it is determined that additional time beyond the seven (7) business day time frame is needed to fulfill the request, the Custodian of Records will notify the requestor in writing with the expected fulfillment date. Responding to a Government Records RequestAnyone requesting a college record should be referred immediately to the College Custodian of Records at oprarequests@ucc.edu. The College Custodian of Records is the only person authorized to provide or deny access to university records. Prepayment of applicable fees is required. Obtaining a Request FormYou may obtain a Request for Government Records Form by downloading the Records Request Form HERE, to be completed and either: Right of AppealA person who is denied access to a government record by the Custodian, at the option of the requestor, may institute a proceeding challenging the Custodian’s decision by (1) filing a complaint with the Government Records Council, PO Box 819, Trenton, NJ 08625-0819 or (2) by filing an action in the Superior Court, Union County Courthouse, Elizabeth, NJ. Assistance may be obtained by calling the Government Records Council 1-866-850-0511 or by logging on to that agency’s informational website http://www.nj.gov/grc/. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/public-safety/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click here to download the In Case of Emergency PDFContact Information: In case of emergency, Dial 911 For issues of public safety or to report a campus emergency please inform the Department of Public Safety at: COVID-19 Reporting ProcedureReport Positive Cases to the College Immediately Illness or injuries due to accidents which occur on campus or during a College-connected activity are to be reported immediately to the Department of Public Safety on the campus where they occur. If it is not possible to make an immediate report, one should be made before 48 hours have elapsed. All students are covered under the College’s student accident insurance plan. The Annual Security Report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, public safety authority, crime reporting policies, fire safety, disciplinary procedures and other matters of importance related to security on campus. The report also contains crime statistics for the three previous calendar years, enumerating reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by the College; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus. This information is required by federal law, (Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act or “the Clery Act”) and is provided by the Union CollegeDepartment of Public Safety. If you would like to receive a hard copy of the Annual Security Report which contains this information, you can stop by the Department of Public Safety Office, located in Room SD-108 in the Student Development Building, 1033 Springfield Avenue, Cranford, NJ 07016 or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling (908) 709-7152 or 7403. Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log: The Department of Public Safety maintains a Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log for public inspection at the public safety desk on each campus. The Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log includes all alleged criminal incidents and fires reported to the department following Clery Act guidelines.” DHS, Guidelines on how to respond to an Active Shooter situation, Options for Consideration:3 minute active shooter video DHS, Active Shooter – Pocket Card: Information www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/active_shooter_pocket_card.pdf Evacuation Guide At the start of each semester all currently enrolled students as well as staff and faculty are automatically enrolled in the emergency notification system. To confirm your emergency contact information, please navigate to the Rave Emergency Alert portal or My Union and select the Rave Emergency Alert System tile. In compliance with the Student Right to Know and Campus Security Act , crime statistics are reported to the U.S. Department of Education.  Tools are available online to analyze campus safety and security at http://ope.ed.gov/campussafety/#/. In compliance with the Federal Campus Sex Crimes Prevention Act and relevant New Jersey Law, information regarding the enrollment of convicted sex offenders is available online at http://www.njsp.org/sex-offender-registry/index.shtml. The College is required to document and catalogue specified classes of offenses (i.e. sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence and stalking), and to report these offenses to the U.S Department of Education in an annual report. In order to facilitate compliance in accurately reporting these offenses, certain individuals employed by the College have been identified as Campus Security Authorities (CSA). Included in the group of individuals identified as CSA’s are the following personnel: Click Here to read the Notice of Availability of Union College  Annual Security  Report 
https://www.ucc.edu/transcript
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Here’s how to request your Union College Transcript online! Official Transcripts Current students and alumni who need official transcript copies should order them online from the National Student Clearinghouse’s Website (click direct link below). Unofficial Transcripts Current Students who need unofficial transcript copies can download a pdf copy from within Self-Service. Visit the “Unofficial Transcript” page within Self-Service Questions? Please email transcriptrequest@ucc.edu  
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/title-ix/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College NON-Discrimination Union College does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination in all of its programs and activities, as required by State and Federal law.  For a complete statement, please click here. The following persons, as indicated, can be contacted regarding complaints of discrimination and inquiries regarding Section 504, Americans with Disabilities Act, Title IX, and reasonable accommodations. For information concerning: filing a complaint of discrimination, sexual harassment/misconduct, domestic/dating violence, and stalking; investigations; victim services; and contact information, please click here. Complaints Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, OperationsView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All complaints of discrimination, including those concerning Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA should be directed to Vincent Lotano. Student Accommodation Requests Ms. Karen CimorelliDirector of Disability Support Services and Veteran AffairsView Karen Cimorelli Contact Info All requests for accommodations from Union College students, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Ms. Cimorelli Employee, Guest, and Visitor Disability Accommodation Requests Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, OperationsView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All requests for accommodations from Union College employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Vincent Lotano, the Section 504 Administrator and ADA Coordinator. All matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to Vincent Lotano. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/purchasing/vendor-opportunities/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College seeks a fair and open, competitive solicitations process pursuant to College
                    Contracts Law N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-25.1 et seq. and compliant with political contribution
                    disclosures within N.J.S.A. 19:44A-20.5. 
https://www.ucc.edu/bookstore
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Campus Bookstores are your number one source for all your college shopping needs. The stores have everything you need to succeed: new, used, rental and digital course materials, plus a large assortment of school supplies, backpacks, technology, and more. You can also get Owl’s gear and snacks! Financial aid accepted as payment. Contact store for details. How do I purchase my course materials? In person You may purchase your books in-person at any of the campus bookstores. Please note that books are only available at the campus where the class is being held.On the Web Order online at the following web sites for delivery or in-store pick-up. Financial aid available online during the book allowance dates. Questions? Please contact the Cranford Campus Bookstore at (908) 709-7619 or the Elizabeth Campus Bookstore at (908) 965-6068. 
https://www.ucc.edu/directory/
 Discover Union College 
View Faculty and Staff Directory >>
 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/disability-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to providing an inclusive educational experience for students with disabilities. Disability Support Services (DSS) are designed to assist students with documented disabilities. The goal is to ensure that each Union College student is provided equal access to the College’s academic programs, activities, and awards without discrimination on the basis of a disabling condition.  Students who have documented disabilities may receive help with the following: Student support services at Union do not include the following: When should I submit the accommodation request? As early as possible! Accommodation requests should to be made before the beginning of each semester to ensure full use of accommodations for the entire semester as Accommodations are not retroactive. Students are eligible to submit the disability services as soon as they are accepted to Union. 1. Assemble Supporting Documentation (Downloadable Word and PDF documents)  The online application requires students to submit documentation of their disability. Documentation must be current (generally within the last 3 years). Make sure you review the above links before uploading your documentation to the the online application. 2. Complete the Disability Services Application (Online Form) All students desiring Disability Support Services must submit the online application via the above link. 3. Meet with a DSS Coordinator to Determine Eligibility   Once documentation is reviewed the student will be asked to schedule a meeting with the DSS Coordinator to discuss accommodation needs.  Accommodations are based solely on the documentation and student interview. No accommodation request is official until the Accommodation Alert Form is provided to the professor. Union College adheres to the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, including the recent Amendments, and Section 504 of the Vocational Rehabilitation Act of 1973 which prohibit discrimination on the basis of disability. A student with a disability who believes they has been a victim of discrimination should refer to the Grievance Procedure for Students published in the Union College Student Handbook for resolution of the grievance/concern. Staff Address Office of Disability Support ServicesStudent Development Building, Room SD-1151033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ 07016 Office Phone and Email 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/human-resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College Human Resources Department works in partnership with managers and their teams, with individual employees, and with other groups to provide programs and services that create a work environment of employee empowerment and involvement in the mission of the college. Our core values of customer orientation, continuous improvement, teamwork, and achieving results are woven into every aspect of human resource management. Union College offers open access to high quality, affordable academic programs, including associate degree and certificate programs. We are committed to excellence in teaching and learning and provide academic preparation for transfer to four-year institutions, career preparation for entry into high-demand occupational fields, developmental coursework, and lifelong learning opportunities. Human Resources is committed to: We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultation and communication with the campus community. 
https://www.ucc.edu/library/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/veterans-and-active-military/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The 12 steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/currentstudents/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Resources for Current Students 
https://www.ucc.edu/canvas
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Canvas is a learning management system that the college utilizes to provide students with online instruction. You can either: App Store Links
App download is not required as Canvas can be viewed in a web browser.
Below are the download links to install the Canvas App on your mobile device: Student Guides Need Assistance?
Students seeking help with Canvas can: 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/graduation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College You’ve worked hard to achieve academic success! You’ve rearranged schedules, balanced family and job responsibilities. It’s time to apply for graduation and attend the commencement ceremony! If you plan to transfer to an in-state four-year college, completing your Associate’s Degree improves the transferability of your credits you have earned at Union College. In order to confirm you are ready to graduate, visit one of our Student Services Centers to meet with an advisor to complete a degree audit. Contact the Graduation team if you have any questions: 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Student Services Centers are available on all Union College campuses and offer you the flexibility of taking care of all of your college needs in one place! Each will offer you a wide variety of services for new, returning and continuing students. Quick questions? “Knock” on the door of one of the Student Services Associates below. If you want to chat with an advisor, click below. Office Hours (Fall – Spring) Office Hours (Summer) Have questions about the following areas? Click below. One Stop Operations 
https://www.ucc.edu/facultyandstaff/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Resources for Faculty & Staff 
https://www.ucc.edu/canvas
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Canvas is a learning management system that the college utilizes to provide students with online instruction. You can either: App Store Links
App download is not required as Canvas can be viewed in a web browser.
Below are the download links to install the Canvas App on your mobile device: Student Guides Need Assistance?
Students seeking help with Canvas can: 
https://my.ucc.edu/home/bookmark/0oa2g8ecz12Wee5Mf4x7/2557
 Sign in with your Union College account to access Owlsnest 
https://www.ucc.edu/info/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College.Whether you are a current student who is already an important part of our community or looking for the perfect college to pursue your academic interests and occupational dreams, I am honored to welcome you to Union College. With a heritage as rich as ours, it is tempting to focus on the College’s unique role as the first of New Jersey’s nineteen community colleges. Founded in 1933, our local roots run deep, from our humble beginnings when our first classes were taught at night at Abraham Clark High School in Roselle. But the real story celebrates how far the College has evolved in the last eight decades. With four campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield and Scotch Plains and students from 83 countries, our college community represents and reflects one of the most diverse populations in the world. Committed to serving this extraordinary community with pride and enthusiasm, we offer over 60 degree and certificate programs in arts, science and applied science, as well as continuing education, career programs and intensive English language studies. Together our faculty, administrators and staff are united in our mission to educate and empower our students in their quest to learn and to better serve the needs of our community. Like our founders, who created this school to help out-of-work teachers find employment during the Great Depression, we are committed to enhancing the lives of career-minded and transfer-oriented students who deserve and appreciate a stepping stone to a better life. Welcome to Union College. I invite you to learn more about us by exploring this website and visiting our campus. Margaret M. McMenamin, Ed.D.President 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/american-honors/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The American Honors Program helps students earn bachelor’s degrees from great schools. American Honors is for high achieving, academically motivated students who attend and graduate from Union College and then transfer to a four-year institution. Students who are accepted into the American Honors program will have access to small class sizes under 20 students, classes taught by full-time faculty members, professional academic advising, transfer support, admission to numerous seminars and workshops, and access to the Honors lounge! Contact American Honors honors@ucc.edu
 (908) 497-4394 Honors classes are small, seminar style classes that promote student engagement. Classes are limited to 20 students and are taught by the College’s most distinguished faculty. Honors classes focus on a learner centered pedagogy, enhancing critical thinking and inquiry. Honors students have a dedicated academic specialist who provides personalized advisement and helps support their success. The academic specialist guides their students with registration through graduation, campus resources, and transfer. The Honors Lounge serves as the center of the Honors program. Students meet here for study sessions, game nights, meetings, and events. Workshops, social events, alumni transfer panels, and faculty meet and greets are just a few ways that students can build relationships with faculty and peers. American Honors students… For full consideration, apply by August 15th for the Fall semester or by December 15th for the Spring semester. While completing the application to attend Union College, make sure you answer “Yes” to the question asking if you are interested in the American Honors program. After you complete the main Union College Application, you will automatically be provided access to apply for the supplemental American Honors application. Our program strives to recruit the best and brightest students. Your story and strong academic background are crucial aspects we use to evaluate your application.  The admissions process consists of submitting a completed application, all education transcripts, test scores, and possible interview in which the Admissions Committee will then consider all aspects in a timely matter before the admissions decision is relayed to the applicant. This process could take up to several weeks and we appreciate your patience. Meet the Honors Faculty! “The American Honors program provided me with an environment to grow as a student and a person!” “The American Honors program helped me greatly when it came to the transition from high school to college. College can be a stressful experience, but because of American Honors and the amazing advisors, I enjoyed studying here.” “American Honors is a community full of motivated individuals that push you to succeed.” 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/union-county-college-foundation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union County College Foundation The Union County College Foundation was established in 1977 with the mission of supporting the educational needs of Union College students by providing resources not available through public funding. Foundation dollars provide support for scholarships, equipment, facilities, academic programs and special projects. Union County College Foundation
1033 Springfield Avenue
Cranford, NJ 07016 Hours:
Monday – Friday
8:30am to 4:30pm
(908) 709-7505 View Douglas Rouse Contact Info View Brittney Mack Contact Info View Kaitlyn Veliz Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/human-resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College Human Resources Department works in partnership with managers and their teams, with individual employees, and with other groups to provide programs and services that create a work environment of employee empowerment and involvement in the mission of the college. Our core values of customer orientation, continuous improvement, teamwork, and achieving results are woven into every aspect of human resource management. Union College offers open access to high quality, affordable academic programs, including associate degree and certificate programs. We are committed to excellence in teaching and learning and provide academic preparation for transfer to four-year institutions, career preparation for entry into high-demand occupational fields, developmental coursework, and lifelong learning opportunities. Human Resources is committed to: We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultation and communication with the campus community. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/institutional-research/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Assessment, Planning and Research The goal of the department is to design, implement and maintain a program of assessment, planning and research consistent with the mission, goals and objectives of the College for the purposes of institutional management, policy formulation, decision-making, evaluation, accountability and development. To access the results of the 2018 Economic Impact Study, please follow the links below: The department’s top objective is to provide timely and accurate information to our community of stakeholders as well as external agencies (e.g., the New Jersey Office of the Secretary of Higher Education, the Middle States Commission on Higher Education and the US Department of Education) to fulfill mandated reporting requirements. We invite you to view our common data set for institutional characteristics and figures; our disclosures page for information regarding the Student-Right-to-Know Act; and our excellence and accountability page to view our annual institutional profile, job placement rates, licensure examination pass rates and distinguishing features. For additional information regarding the College’s statistical data including financial aid, net price of attendance and student loan default rates, please visit the College Navigator National Center for Education Statistics and the Student Consumer Information Page. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/opra/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Need a transcript? If you are a current or former student and need a transcript, please visit the college’s transcript page. Do NOT submit an OPRA request for a transcript. Union College provides access to government records in compliance with the New Jersey Public Access to Government Records Law, known as the Open Public Records Act or OPRA, N.J.S.A. 47:1A-1 et. seq. Union College has appointed a College Custodian of Records who is responsible for implementing the duties and responsibilities provided by this law. Requests for access to government records must be in writing. The law specifically provides that Union College employees who receive a request for access to records shall forward the request to the College Custodian of Records, or direct the requestor to the Custodian at oprarequests@ucc.edu. Only the Custodian of Records is authorized to release or deny the release of a college record under this law. SummaryGenerally, the right of public access to government records under OPRA may be subject to inspection, and/or copying, upon request by a citizen of the state of New Jersey. There are numerous exceptions for various categories of documents that are not considered government records under the law or are exempt from disclosure under other applicable federal or state laws, regulations, or orders. It is important to note that the law provides for access to records; it does not require Union College to create documents for the purpose of replying to requests for information. Time FrameThe law provides the time frame in which to respond to a request for a record. A response will typically be made to the request within seven (7) business days of a written request. The Custodian of Records will determine if a request is made for an available government record, if the record does not exist, or if the records is unavailable or privileged. If it is determined that additional time beyond the seven (7) business day time frame is needed to fulfill the request, the Custodian of Records will notify the requestor in writing with the expected fulfillment date. Responding to a Government Records RequestAnyone requesting a college record should be referred immediately to the College Custodian of Records at oprarequests@ucc.edu. The College Custodian of Records is the only person authorized to provide or deny access to university records. Prepayment of applicable fees is required. Obtaining a Request FormYou may obtain a Request for Government Records Form by downloading the Records Request Form HERE, to be completed and either: Right of AppealA person who is denied access to a government record by the Custodian, at the option of the requestor, may institute a proceeding challenging the Custodian’s decision by (1) filing a complaint with the Government Records Council, PO Box 819, Trenton, NJ 08625-0819 or (2) by filing an action in the Superior Court, Union County Courthouse, Elizabeth, NJ. Assistance may be obtained by calling the Government Records Council 1-866-850-0511 or by logging on to that agency’s informational website http://www.nj.gov/grc/. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/public-safety/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click here to download the In Case of Emergency PDFContact Information: In case of emergency, Dial 911 For issues of public safety or to report a campus emergency please inform the Department of Public Safety at: COVID-19 Reporting ProcedureReport Positive Cases to the College Immediately Illness or injuries due to accidents which occur on campus or during a College-connected activity are to be reported immediately to the Department of Public Safety on the campus where they occur. If it is not possible to make an immediate report, one should be made before 48 hours have elapsed. All students are covered under the College’s student accident insurance plan. The Annual Security Report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, public safety authority, crime reporting policies, fire safety, disciplinary procedures and other matters of importance related to security on campus. The report also contains crime statistics for the three previous calendar years, enumerating reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by the College; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus. This information is required by federal law, (Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act or “the Clery Act”) and is provided by the Union CollegeDepartment of Public Safety. If you would like to receive a hard copy of the Annual Security Report which contains this information, you can stop by the Department of Public Safety Office, located in Room SD-108 in the Student Development Building, 1033 Springfield Avenue, Cranford, NJ 07016 or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling (908) 709-7152 or 7403. Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log: The Department of Public Safety maintains a Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log for public inspection at the public safety desk on each campus. The Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log includes all alleged criminal incidents and fires reported to the department following Clery Act guidelines.” DHS, Guidelines on how to respond to an Active Shooter situation, Options for Consideration:3 minute active shooter video DHS, Active Shooter – Pocket Card: Information www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/active_shooter_pocket_card.pdf Evacuation Guide At the start of each semester all currently enrolled students as well as staff and faculty are automatically enrolled in the emergency notification system. To confirm your emergency contact information, please navigate to the Rave Emergency Alert portal or My Union and select the Rave Emergency Alert System tile. In compliance with the Student Right to Know and Campus Security Act , crime statistics are reported to the U.S. Department of Education.  Tools are available online to analyze campus safety and security at http://ope.ed.gov/campussafety/#/. In compliance with the Federal Campus Sex Crimes Prevention Act and relevant New Jersey Law, information regarding the enrollment of convicted sex offenders is available online at http://www.njsp.org/sex-offender-registry/index.shtml. The College is required to document and catalogue specified classes of offenses (i.e. sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence and stalking), and to report these offenses to the U.S Department of Education in an annual report. In order to facilitate compliance in accurately reporting these offenses, certain individuals employed by the College have been identified as Campus Security Authorities (CSA). Included in the group of individuals identified as CSA’s are the following personnel: Click Here to read the Notice of Availability of Union College  Annual Security  Report 
https://www.ucc.edu/transcript
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Here’s how to request your Union College Transcript online! Official Transcripts Current students and alumni who need official transcript copies should order them online from the National Student Clearinghouse’s Website (click direct link below). Unofficial Transcripts Current Students who need unofficial transcript copies can download a pdf copy from within Self-Service. Visit the “Unofficial Transcript” page within Self-Service Questions? Please email transcriptrequest@ucc.edu  
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/title-ix/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College NON-Discrimination Union College does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination in all of its programs and activities, as required by State and Federal law.  For a complete statement, please click here. The following persons, as indicated, can be contacted regarding complaints of discrimination and inquiries regarding Section 504, Americans with Disabilities Act, Title IX, and reasonable accommodations. For information concerning: filing a complaint of discrimination, sexual harassment/misconduct, domestic/dating violence, and stalking; investigations; victim services; and contact information, please click here. Complaints Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, OperationsView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All complaints of discrimination, including those concerning Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA should be directed to Vincent Lotano. Student Accommodation Requests Ms. Karen CimorelliDirector of Disability Support Services and Veteran AffairsView Karen Cimorelli Contact Info All requests for accommodations from Union College students, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Ms. Cimorelli Employee, Guest, and Visitor Disability Accommodation Requests Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, OperationsView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All requests for accommodations from Union College employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Vincent Lotano, the Section 504 Administrator and ADA Coordinator. All matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to Vincent Lotano. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/purchasing/vendor-opportunities/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College seeks a fair and open, competitive solicitations process pursuant to College
                    Contracts Law N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-25.1 et seq. and compliant with political contribution
                    disclosures within N.J.S.A. 19:44A-20.5. 
https://www.ucc.edu/resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/bookstore
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Campus Bookstores are your number one source for all your college shopping needs. The stores have everything you need to succeed: new, used, rental and digital course materials, plus a large assortment of school supplies, backpacks, technology, and more. You can also get Owl’s gear and snacks! Financial aid accepted as payment. Contact store for details. How do I purchase my course materials? In person You may purchase your books in-person at any of the campus bookstores. Please note that books are only available at the campus where the class is being held.On the Web Order online at the following web sites for delivery or in-store pick-up. Financial aid available online during the book allowance dates. Questions? Please contact the Cranford Campus Bookstore at (908) 709-7619 or the Elizabeth Campus Bookstore at (908) 965-6068. 
https://www.ucc.edu/directory/
 Discover Union College 
View Faculty and Staff Directory >>
 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/disability-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to providing an inclusive educational experience for students with disabilities. Disability Support Services (DSS) are designed to assist students with documented disabilities. The goal is to ensure that each Union College student is provided equal access to the College’s academic programs, activities, and awards without discrimination on the basis of a disabling condition.  Students who have documented disabilities may receive help with the following: Student support services at Union do not include the following: When should I submit the accommodation request? As early as possible! Accommodation requests should to be made before the beginning of each semester to ensure full use of accommodations for the entire semester as Accommodations are not retroactive. Students are eligible to submit the disability services as soon as they are accepted to Union. 1. Assemble Supporting Documentation (Downloadable Word and PDF documents)  The online application requires students to submit documentation of their disability. Documentation must be current (generally within the last 3 years). Make sure you review the above links before uploading your documentation to the the online application. 2. Complete the Disability Services Application (Online Form) All students desiring Disability Support Services must submit the online application via the above link. 3. Meet with a DSS Coordinator to Determine Eligibility   Once documentation is reviewed the student will be asked to schedule a meeting with the DSS Coordinator to discuss accommodation needs.  Accommodations are based solely on the documentation and student interview. No accommodation request is official until the Accommodation Alert Form is provided to the professor. Union College adheres to the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, including the recent Amendments, and Section 504 of the Vocational Rehabilitation Act of 1973 which prohibit discrimination on the basis of disability. A student with a disability who believes they has been a victim of discrimination should refer to the Grievance Procedure for Students published in the Union College Student Handbook for resolution of the grievance/concern. Staff Address Office of Disability Support ServicesStudent Development Building, Room SD-1151033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ 07016 Office Phone and Email 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/human-resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College Human Resources Department works in partnership with managers and their teams, with individual employees, and with other groups to provide programs and services that create a work environment of employee empowerment and involvement in the mission of the college. Our core values of customer orientation, continuous improvement, teamwork, and achieving results are woven into every aspect of human resource management. Union College offers open access to high quality, affordable academic programs, including associate degree and certificate programs. We are committed to excellence in teaching and learning and provide academic preparation for transfer to four-year institutions, career preparation for entry into high-demand occupational fields, developmental coursework, and lifelong learning opportunities. Human Resources is committed to: We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultation and communication with the campus community. 
https://www.ucc.edu/library/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/veterans-and-active-military/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The 12 steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/presidents-welcome/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. Whether you are a current student who is already an important part of our community or looking for the perfect college to pursue your academic interests and occupational dreams, I am honored to welcome you to Union College. With a heritage as rich as ours, it is tempting to focus on the College’s unique role as the first of New Jersey’s eighteen community colleges. Founded in 1933, our local roots run deep, from our humble beginnings when our first classes were taught at night at Abraham Clark High School in Roselle. But the real story celebrates how far the College has evolved in the last eight decades. With four campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield and Scotch Plains and students from 83 countries, our college community represents and reflects one of the most diverse populations in the world. Committed to serving this extraordinary community with pride and enthusiasm, we offer over 60 degree and certificate programs in arts, science and applied science, as well as continuing education, career programs and intensive English language studies.Together our faculty, administrators and staff are united in our mission to educate and empower our students in their quest to learn and to better serve the needs of our community. Like our founders, who created this school to help out-of-work teachers find employment during the Great Depression, we are committed to enhancing the lives of career-minded and transfer-oriented students who deserve and appreciate a stepping stone to a better life. Welcome to Union College. I invite you to learn more about us by exploring this website and visiting our campus. Margaret M. McMenamin, Ed.D.President Messages from the President(click below links to view messages) 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/collegegovernance/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is a body politic established under Chapter 42 of the Laws of 1982, (N.J.S. 18A:64A-50, et seq.) entitled “An Act to provide for the consolidation of certain educational institutions into county colleges and supplementing Title 18A of the New Jersey Statutes.” Union College operates subject to Chapter 48, Laws of 1994, (N.J.S. 18A:3B-1, et seq.) entitled the Higher Education Restructuring Act. The governance, control, conduct management and administration of Union College is “vested in and allocated between the Board of Trustees and Board of Governors” pursuant to Chapter 42 of the Laws of 1982, section 7 (N.J.S. 18A:64A-56); to the Board of Trustees is granted general supervision over the conduct of the College N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-57, and to the Board of Governors is granted an advisory capacity and control over pre 1982 funds and trusts that have not been transferred to the College N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-58. Click here for Trustees, Click here for Governors, Click here for Joint Meetings for the bylaws under which the Boards govern, control, and conduct management and administration of Union College. The Boards of Trustees and Governors have adopted a Code of Ethics, which enumerates the standards to which Board members and employees are accountable, and disclosure requirements for potential conflicts. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/trusteesandgovernors/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College and to information about the Board of Trustees and Board of Governors who are the governing bodies of this wonderful institution. Union College is the first community college in New Jersey and is truly committed to the mission of providing accessible and affordable education for residents of Union. It has been 35 years since I first joined Union College as a member of its governing boards. At that time, it was a newly re-engineered institution of higher learning created by the merger of Union College and the Union Vocational Technical Institute. Since that time, the College has continued to provide an accessible and affordable education to all. My colleagues and I experience great pride in serving on the governing bodies of Union College. I commend the entire college community for their achievements and invite our web visitors to learn more about Union College and the many resources it has to offer. Victor M. Richel, ChairBoard of Trustees 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/code-of-ethics/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College CODE OF ETHICS  Adopted January 23, 1996, amendments adopted January 24, 2006 and December 2, 2014. College Board Members Code of Ethics Employees 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/union-county-board-of-county-commissioners/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Commissioners Serving the County via Union College of Union County, NJ The Union County Board of County Commissioners generously contributed more than $20 million in operating and capital aid to support Union College in the 2022-2023 academic year. In addition, through the Union County Workforce Investment Board, the Commissioners support the Union College’s Center for Economic & Workforce Development. Services include free training in job skills, English as a Second Language, high-school equivalency, and other support to improve the quality of life of residents, especially in Elizabeth and Plainfield. To visit the homepage, go to http://www.ucnj.org Meet Our Commissioners 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/student-consumer-information/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College To help prospective and current students locate important information about Union College, this webpage collects links to helpful information on a variety of subjects, including  academic programs at Union College, cost of attendance, financial aid and Nondiscrimination Statement. In addition, the content on this page meets federal reporting and disclosure requirements for information outlined in the Higher Education Opportunity Act. ACADEMICS AND STUDENT LIFE CAMPUS SAFETY NON-DISCRIMINATION AND LEGAL ISSUES ENROLLMENT AND OUTCOMES MEASURES FINANCIAL INFORMATION INSTITUTIONAL RESEARCH ACCREDITATION  
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/public-safety/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click here to download the In Case of Emergency PDFContact Information: In case of emergency, Dial 911 For issues of public safety or to report a campus emergency please inform the Department of Public Safety at: COVID-19 Reporting ProcedureReport Positive Cases to the College Immediately Illness or injuries due to accidents which occur on campus or during a College-connected activity are to be reported immediately to the Department of Public Safety on the campus where they occur. If it is not possible to make an immediate report, one should be made before 48 hours have elapsed. All students are covered under the College’s student accident insurance plan. The Annual Security Report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, public safety authority, crime reporting policies, fire safety, disciplinary procedures and other matters of importance related to security on campus. The report also contains crime statistics for the three previous calendar years, enumerating reported crimes that occurred on campus; in certain off-campus buildings or property owned or controlled by the College; and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus. This information is required by federal law, (Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act or “the Clery Act”) and is provided by the Union CollegeDepartment of Public Safety. If you would like to receive a hard copy of the Annual Security Report which contains this information, you can stop by the Department of Public Safety Office, located in Room SD-108 in the Student Development Building, 1033 Springfield Avenue, Cranford, NJ 07016 or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling (908) 709-7152 or 7403. Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log: The Department of Public Safety maintains a Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log for public inspection at the public safety desk on each campus. The Daily Clery Crime Log and Fire Log includes all alleged criminal incidents and fires reported to the department following Clery Act guidelines.” DHS, Guidelines on how to respond to an Active Shooter situation, Options for Consideration:3 minute active shooter video DHS, Active Shooter – Pocket Card: Information www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/active_shooter_pocket_card.pdf Evacuation Guide At the start of each semester all currently enrolled students as well as staff and faculty are automatically enrolled in the emergency notification system. To confirm your emergency contact information, please navigate to the Rave Emergency Alert portal or My Union and select the Rave Emergency Alert System tile. In compliance with the Student Right to Know and Campus Security Act , crime statistics are reported to the U.S. Department of Education.  Tools are available online to analyze campus safety and security at http://ope.ed.gov/campussafety/#/. In compliance with the Federal Campus Sex Crimes Prevention Act and relevant New Jersey Law, information regarding the enrollment of convicted sex offenders is available online at http://www.njsp.org/sex-offender-registry/index.shtml. The College is required to document and catalogue specified classes of offenses (i.e. sexual assault, domestic violence, dating violence and stalking), and to report these offenses to the U.S Department of Education in an annual report. In order to facilitate compliance in accurately reporting these offenses, certain individuals employed by the College have been identified as Campus Security Authorities (CSA). Included in the group of individuals identified as CSA’s are the following personnel: Click Here to read the Notice of Availability of Union College  Annual Security  Report 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/public-annual-notification-of-non-discrimination/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College Public Annual Notification Regarding Career and Technical Education In accordance with federal law, USDE Guidelines IV-O, Title VI: 34 C.F.R. § 100.6 (d), this notice shall serve to advise students, parents, employees and the general public that all Career and Technical Education (CTE) opportunities offered by Union College will be available to all students regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, and disability. Union College is committed to maintaining environments for all students, employees and visitors that are free from discrimination and harassment. In accordance with State and Federal law, Union College does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination on the basis of the following protected classes and/or characteristics, in all of its programs and activities, including but not limited to employment, promotion, admissions, and access to all career and technical programs: race; creed; color; sex; gender; pregnancy; gender identity or expression; national origin; nationality; age; ancestry; marital status, domestic partnership, or civil union status; religion; affectional or sexual orientation; atypical hereditary cellular or blood trait; genetic information; liability for military service; protected veteran status; mental or physical disability (including perceived disability, aids and HIV-related illnesses); harassment (related to any of the forgoing categories); retaliation for filing a complaint of, or participating in an investigation of discrimination; and any other category protected by law. The College offers courses that will lead to degrees or certificates in 64 programs, including, but not limited to CTE. For a description of all courses, see our online catalog: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. Our CTE courses are in the following subject areas: • Radiography;• American Sign Language and Deaf Studies;• Mathematics/Cybersecurity Option;• Cooperative Nursing;• Computer Science;• Diagnostic Medical Sonography;• Engineering/Architecture Option;• Engineering-Computer Science/Engineering Option;• Computer Information Systems & Technology;• Paralegal Studies; Social Services;• Accounting; Automotive Technology;• Business Management;• Business Marketing;• Electronics/Electromechanical Engineering Technology;• Emergency Health Science – Paramedic;• Fire Science Technology;• Game Design Technology;• Hotel, Restaurant and Tourism Management;• Physical Therapist Assistant;• Sport Management;• Educational Interpreter Program;• Office Professional;• Paralegal Studies;• CAD-CAM;• Photovoltaics; and• Practical Nursing. Union College AdmissionsStudents are admitted into Union College CTE programs without regard to race, color, national origin, gender or disability. CTE courses, program offerings, and admission criteria can be found in our on-line catalogue: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. The College will take steps to ensure that the lack of English-language proficiency will not be a barrier to admission and participation in CTE programs. Complaints and Requests for AccommodationsThe following individuals have been designated to handle complaints and inquiries, as indicated: Complaints Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All complaints of discrimination, including those concerning Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA should be directed to Mr. Lotano Student Accommodation RequestsMs. Karen CimorelliDirector of Disability Support Services and Veteran AffairsView Karen Cimorelli Contact InfoAll requests for accommodations from Union College students, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Ms. Cimorelli Employee, Guest, and Visitor Disability Accommodation Requests Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact Info All requests for accommodations from Union College employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Mr. Lotano, the Section 504 Administrator and ADA Coordinator. All matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to Mr. Lotano. Union CollegeNotificación Anual PúblicaSobre la Educación de Carrera y Técnica De acuerdo con medidas de ley federal, USDE Guidelines IV-O, Title VI: 34 C.F.R. § 100.6 (d), esta notificación servirá para notificar alumnos, padres, empleados y el público en general que toda oportunidad de la Educación de Carrera y Técnica (la ECT) ofrecida por la Union College será disponible a todo alumno sin consideración a rasa, color, origen nacional, sexo y discapacidad. Union College está comprometida a mantener climas para todos alúmnos, empleados y visitantes libres de discriminación y hostigamiento. En acuerdo con la ley Estatal y Federal, Union College no discrimina y prohibe la discriminación a base de las siguientes clases y/o características, en todos sus programas y actividades, incluyendo pero no limitado al empleo, promoción, admisiones, y acceso a todos los programas técnicos y de carrera: raza, creencia, color, sexo, género, embarazo, identidad o expresión de género, orígen nacional, nacionalidad, edad, descendencia, estatus civil, asociación doméstica, unión civil, religión, orientación sexual o de afecto, rasgo de sangre o celular atípico, información genética, responsabilidad por servicio militar, estatus de veterano protegido o discapacidad mental o física (incluyendo la discapacidad percibida, SIDA y enfermedades relacionadas con el VIH); hostigamiento (relacionado a cualquier de estas categorias); represalia por entregar una queja de, o participar en una investigación de discriminación; y cualquier otra categoría protegida por ley. Union College ofrece cursos que terminan en grados académicos o certificados en 64 programas, incluyendo pero no limitado al programa de la ECT. Para una descripción de todos los cursos, véase nuestro catálogo en linea: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. Nuestros cursos de ECT se encuentran en las siguientes areas temáticas: • Radiografía;• Lenguage de Señas Americano y Estudios de la Sordera;• Matemática/Opción de Ciberseguridad;• Enfermería Cooperativa;• Ciencias de la Computación;• Sonografía Diagnóstica Médica;• Ingenería/Opción de Architectura;• Ingenería-Ciencias de la Computación/Opción de Ingeniería;• Sistemas de Informática & Tecnología;• Estudios Paralegales;• Servicios Sociales;• Contaduría;• Tecnología Automobilística;• Gestión de Empresas;• Marketing Empresarial;• Electrónica/Tecnología Electromecánica de la Ingeniería;• Ciencias de la Salud de Emergencia—Paramédico;• Tecnología de la Ciencia de Incendios;• Tecnología de Diseño del Juego Electrónico;• Gestión de Hoteles, Restaurantes y Turismo;• Asistente de Terapeuta Físico;• Gestión Deportiva;• Programa Educativo para Intérpretes;• Profesionista de Escritorio;• Estudios Paralegales;• CAD-CAM (Diseño Asistido por Ordenador-Equipo Asistida Fabricación);• Energía Solar Fotovoltaica; y• Enfermería Práctica. Política de Admisión de Union CollegeAlumnos son admitidos a los programas CTE de Union College sin consideración a raza, orígen nacional, género o discapacidad. Cursos y programas de ETC y critérios de admisión se encuentran en nuestro catálogo en linea: http://onlinecatalog.ucc.edu/. Union College tomará medidas para asegurar que la falta de facilidad con el inglés no será un obstáculo para la admisión y la participación en los programas de ECT. Quejas y Pedidos para Adaptaciones RazonablesLos siguientes indivíduos han sido designados para responder a quejas y preguntas, según indicado: QuejasVincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact InfoToda queja de discriminación, inclusive aquellas relevantes al Título IX, la Sección 504, y la ADA, será dirijida al Sr. Lotano. Pedidos de Adaptación Razonable de Parte de AlúmnosMs. Karen CimorelliCoordinator of Services for Students with DisabilitiesView Karen Cimorelli Contact InfoTodo pedido de acomodo razonable de parte de alúmnos de la Union College, en respuesta a la Sección 504 o la ADA, será dirijido a Ms. Cimorelli. Pedidos de Adaptación Razonable de Parte de Empleados, Invitados, o VisitantesVincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, AdministrationView Vincent Lotano Contact InfoTodo pedido de adaptación razonable de parte de empleados, invitados, o visitantes de la Union College, en respuesta a la Sección 504 o la ADA, sera dirijido a Sr. Lotano, el Administrador de la Sección 504 y Coordinador de la ADA. Cualquier otro asunto, con la excepción de pedidos de acomodo razonable de parte de alúmnos y quejas, también se podrá dirijir a Sr. Lotano. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/affirmative-action-and-equal-opportunity-statement/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College  Union College is committed to environments for all students, employees and visitors that are free from discrimination and harassment. In accordance with State and Federal law, Union College does not discriminate and prohibits discrimination on the basis of the following protected classes and/or characteristics, in all of its programs and activities, including but not limited to employment, promotion, admissions, and access to all career and technical programs: The College is committed to providing equal employment and educational opportunities to all employees, students and applicants in accordance with this policy. Union College seeks to maintain an atmosphere that is free from harassment and intimidation of any type, including sexual harassment. Each College employee and student has the responsibility for adhering to this affirmative action policy. The College is also committed to the provision of reasonable accommodations for disabled or handicapped  individuals. In order to submit a formal affirmative action grievance please consult the grievances section in this student handbook. For more information or to submit an affirmative action complaint, please contact the Dean of Students and/or Union College’s Affirmative Action Officer. Consensual Amorous RelationshipsThis policy prohibits consensual amorous relationships between a faculty or staff member and a student whenever the faculty or staff member is in a position of professional or supervisory responsibility. A faculty or staff member has a professional or supervisory responsibility when she or he is currently in a position to make or influence a decision or to confer or withhold a benefit relating to the student’s education, employment or campus sponsored activity. This includes but it is not limited to staff and student, faculty and student, coach and player, supervisor and student worker, and advisor and advisee relationships. While this policy does not prohibit a consensual amorous relationship between a faculty and staff member and a student in the absence of current professional or supervisory responsibility with respect to the student, the College strongly discourages such relationships. A faculty member or staff member who enters a consensual relationship with a student while directly supervising the student must disclose the relationship to his/her immediate supervisor. Title IXUnder Title IX, no person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance. Title IX does not only protect athletes in the higher education system. It also protects any and all students who feel they have been harassed or discriminated against due to their gender. It is important to talk to someone if you believe you were witness to a form of gender discrimination. Witnesses are also protected by Title IX and have a right to file a complaint and report the incident. To submit a complaint or for more information, contact the Affirmative Action Officer, the Dean of Students or the Dean of College Life. Sexual AssaultSexual assault is a serious offense. Any individual who sexually assaults another is subject to disciplinary procedures of the College and subject to any pertinent state or federal regulations. Sexual assault includes, but is not limited to, actual or attempted nonconsensual or forcible sexual touching, including fondling, kissing, groping, attempted sexual intercourse, and or penetration with an object. Sexual assault can be perpetrated by someone known or unknown, including an acquaintance, spouse, partner, date, relative, friend or stranger, by men or women. Rape is nonconsensual intercourse with any victim male or female. A victim may not be able to give consent due to intoxication, infancy or any other impairment of will. To insure that the needs of sexual harassment victims are met and that colleges and universities in New Jersey create and maintain communities that support human dignity, Union College has adopted the Campus Sexual Assault Bill of rights established by the state of New Jersey. For more information on resources provided by the College for victims of sexual harassment please contact the Dean of Students, the Crisis Counselor(s), or the Affirmative Action Officer. To report sexual assault or violation call:• 911 immediately andA Public Safety Office• Cranford Campus (908) 709 7152• Elizabeth Campus (Lessner) (908) 965-6070• Elizabeth Campus (Kellogg) (908) 659-5159• Plainfield Campus (908) 412-3595• Scotch Plains Campus (908) 709-0268• College Wide Emergency (908) 709-0268 Sexual HarassmentAll students have the right to an environment free from discrimination, including sexual harassment. It is the policy of Union College that harassment on the basis of gender/ sex is unacceptable conduct and that conduct will not be tolerated in any manner. Sexual discrimination is prohibited by the New Jersey Law against discrimination, Title IX of the Education Amendment and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and amendments. It is against the policy of the College for any student, faculty member or employee male or female to sexually harass another member of the College community by making unwelcome sexual advances or requests for sexual favors, or engaging in other unwelcome verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive environment by such conduct, irrespective of one’s intent. Examples include, but are not limited to the following; unwelcome sexual propositions, graphic statements about a person’s body; display of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; remarks or innuendos with a sexually demeaning implication, unwelcome touching, patting, or other physical contact; gender based humor; suggesting or demanding unwelcome sexual involvement which may include implied or explicit threats or sexual abuse including forced conduct. Any student who has been the target of sexual harassment may submit a formal grievance. Please consult the grievances section in the student handbook. For more information or to file an affirmative action complaint, please contact the Dean of Students and/or the Affirmative Action Officer. Violence Against Women Act – VAWAThe Union College community adamantly condemns all acts of violence on campus, including sexual assaults, domestic violence, stalking, and dating violence. All incidents of sexual violence, whether reported by a victim or bystander will be immediately reported to the local police department and aggressively investigated by the appropriate college official(s). Sexual offenses (whether forcible or non-forcible), domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking violate the criminal law and College regulations. Any reported violations will be treated swiftly through legal avenues and/or the established College disciplinary procedures. If you experience any form of sexual misconduct, domestic, dating violence and or stalking, the College objectives are to end the misconduct prevent its occurrence and address its effects. In reporting activities that constitute a crime, initial contact should be made to the local police where the offense took place as quickly as possible. Students, staff, faculty, visitors and business partners have the options of notifying the public safety office and they will notify local police. To report a violation, contact the Dean of Students, the Affirmative Action Officer or the Dean of College Life located on the Cranford campus. For more information or to submit a complaint contact: Complaints Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, Administration908-709-7046vincent.lotano@ucc.edu All complaints of discrimination, including those concerning Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA should be directed to Vincent Lotano Student Accommodation RequestsMs. Karen CimorelliDirector of Disability Support Services and Veteran AffairsNomahegan Hall, Room N-31033 Springfield AvenueCranford, New Jersey 07016Phone: 908-709-7164karen.cimorelli@ucc.edu All requests for accommodations from Union College students, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Ms. Cimorelli Employee, Guest, and Visitor Disability Accommodation Requests Vincent LotanoAssociate Vice President, Administration908-709-7046vincent.lotano@ucc.edu All requests for accommodations from Union College employees, guests, and visitors, pursuant to Section 504 or the ADA, should be directed to Vincent Lotano, the Section 504 Administrator and ADA Coordinator. All matters, other than student accommodation requests and complaints, also may be directed to Vincent Lotano. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union, students are #1! As the first community college in New Jersey, Union has been serving both career-minded and transfer-oriented students since 1933. The College is committed to providing an accessible and affordable liberal arts education to the residents of Union County. Our focus on excellence drives our mission to develop new programs and courses that reflect the ever-changing global demands. The Union College advantage: While at Union, students have the opportunity to participate in many activities: If you are a recent high school graduate, an adult returning to college, an employee seeking additional training or a new career, Union College is the smart choice for an excellent education. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/mission-and-values/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College MISSION
Union College – Transforming Our Community One Student at a Time.
Our mission is guided by our commitment to empower students to achieve their goals by providing access to high quality and affordable higher education to the residents of Union County.  As a comprehensive community college with a diverse student population, we provide career programs, transfer programs, developmental education, and lifelong- learning opportunities, with a focus on excellence in all that we do. PHILOSOPHY
Union College is committed to serving Union County in an environment dedicated to student success.  The College has an open admission policy and is focused on educational excellence and the achievement of equity among the various populations served. The College strives to promote in students a sense of responsibility for their own development and an understanding of their obligations as members of a democratic society.  The College fosters in students the desire to learn, the ability to think clearly and express themselves effectively, the habit of analytical and reflective thought, and an awareness of themselves, their heritage, other cultures, and their environment. VISION
Union College with its focus on student success will be recognized as a national leader within the higher education community in providing quality education. VALUES
Union College embraces these basic institutional values that guide the fulfillment of our Mission: Student Success – Helping every student to achieve success is our highest priority.  We are committed to promoting a climate of student success and to providing an environment conducive to teaching and learning; creating and expanding educational opportunities and support services is paramount to our mission.
Excellence – We are committed to the highest standards of excellence in all we do; we exemplify this value by providing programs and services that ensure excellence in teaching and learning, student services, and organizational efficiency.
Student Engagement – We are committed to enhancing and promoting student engagement by fully engaging our students as active learners and by providing a broad range of educational experiences both inside and outside the classroom.
Collaboration – We are committed to productive exchanges with all members of the College community and collegial relationships among our various stakeholders.
Integrity – We seek to uphold the highest standard of ethics.
Stewardship – We value and honor the trust placed in us by making wise and efficient use of resources.
Community Engagement – We are committed to encouraging civic engagement and supporting economic development in the region.
Diversity – We are committed to a diverse environment that supports an equitable education for all of our students and emphasizes respect for various cultures and individual differences.
Globalization – We seek to establish connections and relationships locally, nationally, and globally. GOALS
In an effort to achieve the College’s mission, we strive to fulfill the following goals and to assess them on a regular basis to ensure the quality of our programs and services. General Education – Provide a relevant and coherent general education for all students.  Assess student learning outcomes in scientific/critical thinking and quantitative reasoning; oral and written communication; and information literacy.
Transfer Programs – Provide transfer programs for students planning to continue their education at a 4-year institution.  Assess student learning outcomes at the course and program level. Regularly evaluate and update courses, curricula, and programs.
Career Programs – Provide career programs to prepare students to enter the workforce and meet workforce needs.  Assess student learning outcomes at the course and program level. Regularly evaluate and update courses, curricula, and programs.
Developmental Education – Provide developmental education for underprepared students. Continue to implement approaches that facilitate the progress of students through the developmental sequence.  Assess students’ success in college level courses.
Lifelong Learning – Provide courses and programs that encourage lifelong learning and are responsive to the needs of business and industry.  Evaluate and update courses and programs, in response to identified needs.
Innovative Pedagogy – Develop, encourage, and support effective and creative approaches to teaching and learning.  Regularly assess student learning outcomes.
Student Support Services – Provide appropriate support services for all students that ensure success throughout the students’ college career.  Evaluate and update key programs and services in response to student needs.
Resources – Provide the necessary resources, both public and private, to support the institutional mission.  Also, continue to partner with the Union College Foundation to identify and generate additional resources.  Regularly assess the linkage between budgeting and planning. 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/human-resources/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College Human Resources Department works in partnership with managers and their teams, with individual employees, and with other groups to provide programs and services that create a work environment of employee empowerment and involvement in the mission of the college. Our core values of customer orientation, continuous improvement, teamwork, and achieving results are woven into every aspect of human resource management. Union College offers open access to high quality, affordable academic programs, including associate degree and certificate programs. We are committed to excellence in teaching and learning and provide academic preparation for transfer to four-year institutions, career preparation for entry into high-demand occupational fields, developmental coursework, and lifelong learning opportunities. Human Resources is committed to: We do this with an emphasis on customer service based on consultation and communication with the campus community. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/presidents-biography/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Dr. Margaret M. McMenamin is the President of Union College of New Jersey, the 1st of New Jersey’s 18 community colleges, founded in 1933. Since her appointment as President in July 2010, Dr. McMenamin set forth an aggressive agenda centering on improving student success outcomes. She revitalized student services, strengthened academic advising, partnered with faculty to improve teaching and learning, and engaged the entire campus community in renewing their collective commitment to student success. During her tenure at Union, the College quintupled its graduation rate. In October 2020, Dr. McMenamin was named the National Marie Y. Martin CEO of the Year by the American Association of Community Colleges. In 2022, the Aspen Institute for College Excellence named Union College as one of the Top 25 community colleges in America and a Semifinalist for the $1 million Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence. Dr. McMenamin attended Temple University and graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Physical Therapy. She earned a Master of Science from the University of Scranton and a Doctorate in Educational Leadership from Lehigh University. Dr. McMenamin was previously employed as a professor and VP of Academic and Student Affairs at Lehigh Carbon Community College and Executive Vice President and Acting President at Brookdale Community College. In 2019, Dr. McMenamin served as Chair of the Middle States Commission on Higher Education. She also previously served as Chair of the American Association of Community Colleges’ Presidents’ Academy Executive Committee. Currently, she serves as Chair of the Advisory Board of the Higher Education Research and Development Institute, a member of the executive committee of the New Jersey Presidents’ Council, the National Junior College Athletic Association Presidents’ Advisory Council, and the board of the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities. Dr. McMenamin is involved with numerous community organizations, including the Boards of Trinitas Hospital, Union County Performing Arts Center, Union County Crime Stoppers, Elizabeth Development Company, Union County Workforce Development, Montgomery Academy, the New Jersey Israel Commission, and the NJ-PBS Community Advisory Board. In 2015, she was honored to serve as the Grand Marshal of the Union County Saint Patrick’s Day Parade. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College How do I apply? Can I afford this?Is a Union College Education the right investment for me?! We’re excited you’re exploring applying to Union College and understand you have questions. Here you will find answers to most of your questions, along with contact information to connect you with those who can answer the rest. The “Apply Now!” page details how different students can apply to Union College. This page also includes a link to Union’s online application portal for when you are ready to apply. The “Paying for College & Financial Aid” page breaks down how much tuition and fees cost at Union, along with providing info on potential sources of funding.  Scholarships, grants, and loans are among a number resources that can make a Union College education affordable. Want to connect with an Admissions Counselor or a Student Service Representative from the comfort of your own home? No problem! Union regularly offers both in-person and virtual info sessions for prospective students. Check out the “Visit & Connect” page for full details. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/high-school-graduates/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The 10 steps below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the link below to begin or view the status of your online application. Begin or View Union College Application  Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Submit final, official high school transcript or GED transcript Submit SAT scores if you have taken the SATs Submit AP scores, if applicable Submit IB scores, if applicable. Submit immunization records The State of New Jersey requires all full-time students born after December 31, 1936 to be immunized against Measles, Mumps, Rubella and Hepatitis B or prove that they meet one of the exemption requirements. Students must bring a copy of a certificate from a doctor or medical center showing proof of inoculations to the Admissions office on the Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield campus. Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Complete your FAFSA-Free Application for Federal Student Aid www.fafsa.gov. Union College’s school code is 002643 Check your Union College email to confirm receipt of your FAFSA Log into Self- Service to check for required documents and submit them to the Financial Aid Office Review your Financial Aid Award on Self-Service Check the email account that you provided in your application for instructions, username, and password Placement Test A SAT score of at least 540 in Critical Reading and 530 in Math are necessary to waive the Placement Test. Orientation is required for all first-time, full-time students entering the college during Fall or Spring. Steps before registration Check academic calendar for registration dates Plan your classes Plan how you will pay for your tuition and fees Steps at registration Log in and register (after orientation) Review and print your class schedule from your College account Steps after registration Check your college email and the college website often for class cancellations Schedule changes Tuition Payment plan. Students must visit the Office of Student Accounts to make the initial payment and to sign a promissory note to participate in the plan Log in to your College account and check your balance Chargeback Purchase a parking permit (At a Student Services Center) Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID Cranford – Student Services Center, Student Development Building Elizabeth – Student Services Center, Lessner Building Plainfield – Student Services Center, Logos Building Textbooks and Supplies Refer to your class schedule 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/transfer-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The nine steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/returning-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The eight steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. If you have been out for two or more full semesters (fall/spring) you must complete a new application. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/visiting-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College We welcome Visiting Students to Union College To view course availability, click here. Click on “Advanced Search” and search for your course! Here are the steps to apply and register as a Visiting Student: Please note: when creating your account to complete your online application you may not use another college’s email address. For new applicants: Your application will be processed in minutes – you will receive an email with your student ID number as well as your user name and password. If you have additional questions, contact studentservices@ucc.edu or visit a Student Services Center in Cranford, Elizabeth, or Plainfield. Student Services Centers on all campuses are open Monday – Thursday: 8:30 am – 7:30 pm, Friday: 8:30 am – 4:30 pm Cranford Campus: 1033 Springfield Avenue, Student Development Building, 1st FloorElizabeth Campus: 12 W. Jersey Street, Lessner Building, 1st FloorPlainfield Campus: 232 E. 2nd Street, Logos Building, 1st Floor 
https://www.ucc.edu/international/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is proud to welcome international students from over 30 nations! If you plan to attend Union College in F-1 status, here are the steps you must take:  Application Deadlines:June 1 – Fall SemesterDecember 1 – Spring Semester Applying as an International Student Step 1: Read the following important information for International (F1) Applicants Step 2: Apply to Union College Step 3: Submit an F1 Application to International Students Office Changing Majors F-1 students are required to notify International Services and the Department of Homeland Security when there is a substantive change in the information on your Form I-20 academic programs and/or degree levels. Examples of changes that require notification are: a change in major field; a change in degree level; a change in major field and degree level. Practical Training  Some F-1 students are eligible for practical training, an employment benefit that allows you, as an F-1 student, to gain practical, professional experience in your field of study. There are two types of F-1 practical training: curricular practical training (CPT) and optional practical training (OPT). CPT is employment used to satisfy the requirements of a required or elective internship,practicum, or fieldwork course. OPT, unlike CPT, does not require you to register for an internship, practicum, or fieldwork course. Program Extension If you are unable to complete your degree requirements by the completion date specified on your I-20 (item # 5), you must apply for a program extension at least 15 days before but no later than the completion date indicated on the I-20. Union’s International Student Advisers are hear to answer any of your questions! 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/veterans-and-active-military/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to Union College. The 12 steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Welcome to Union College’s admissions process. Click the button below to start your application. Begin Application Your application may take a few days to be processed. In the meantime, you may continue to the instructions of document submission and applying for Financial Aid. Submit the following documents to the Admissions Department on the Cranford, Elizabeth or Plainfield campuses: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 Bring a copy of your class schedule and a picture ID 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/high-school-dual-enrollment/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College High school students in their Junior or Senior year and at least 16 years of age, may apply for the Bridge Program to begin earning college credits. Welcome to Union College. The three steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Begin Application 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/tuition-and-fees/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Questions?– View College Payment and Refund Policies Page– Email StudentAccountsOffice@ucc.edu including your name and College ID number. Tuition & Fees, Fall 2022 – Summer 2023 – View 2022 – 2023 Tuition and Fees  Tuition & Fees, Fall 2023 – Summer 2024 Part Time(Less than 12 credit hours per semester) Full Time(12-18 credit hours per semester) Beyond Full Time(More than 18 credit hours per semester) American Success Program (for International students) Tuition charges will be computed based on a student’s residency on record on the first day of a semester: Residency is defined as the place where a person has his or her true, fixed, permanent home and principal establishment, and to which, whenever he or she is absent, he or she has the intention of returning. (Board Resolution E014-022 – NJ Admin Code 9A:5-2.1) Nursing Clinical Fees – per credit hour Nursing Fees – other For specialty textbooks, technology, supplies and other essential course materials not covered by Union’s Book Subscription Program, eligible students are able to use the Book Allowance program at the Campus Bookstore. This calculator is intended to provide estimated net price information (defined as estimated cost of attendance – including tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board (meals), and other related expenses – minus estimated grant and scholarship aid) to current and prospective students and their families based on what similar students paid in a previous year. Access Net Price Calculator Tool The College Financing Plan within Self-Service is a consumer tool that Union College uses to notify students about their financial aid package. It is designed to simplify the information that prospective students receive about costs and financial aid so that they can easily compare institutions and make informed decisions about where to attend school. Access College Financing Plan Tool in Self-Service The College is required by the federal government to derive a Cost of Attendance (COA) for several categories of students. These COAs are used to determine the eligibility for financial aid. The COA represents direct costs, like tuition and fees that you pay directly to the College, and indirect costs, like transportation for going to and from class. The COA is an estimate of these charges, based on an average for this area, and will likely vary from your actual costs in each category. The COA is different for different groups of students and may vary depending on how many credits you are taking, if you live in or out of county, if you live at home or have your own place, etc. If you are enrolled less than half-time, your cost of attendance for financial aid cannot include room and board or miscellaneous expenses. Below are some examples of COA for Full-Time and Part-Time students: In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/tuition-and-fees/#estimating-costs
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Questions?– View College Payment and Refund Policies Page– Email StudentAccountsOffice@ucc.edu including your name and College ID number. Tuition & Fees, Fall 2022 – Summer 2023 – View 2022 – 2023 Tuition and Fees  Tuition & Fees, Fall 2023 – Summer 2024 Part Time(Less than 12 credit hours per semester) Full Time(12-18 credit hours per semester) Beyond Full Time(More than 18 credit hours per semester) American Success Program (for International students) Tuition charges will be computed based on a student’s residency on record on the first day of a semester: Residency is defined as the place where a person has his or her true, fixed, permanent home and principal establishment, and to which, whenever he or she is absent, he or she has the intention of returning. (Board Resolution E014-022 – NJ Admin Code 9A:5-2.1) Nursing Clinical Fees – per credit hour Nursing Fees – other For specialty textbooks, technology, supplies and other essential course materials not covered by Union’s Book Subscription Program, eligible students are able to use the Book Allowance program at the Campus Bookstore. This calculator is intended to provide estimated net price information (defined as estimated cost of attendance – including tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board (meals), and other related expenses – minus estimated grant and scholarship aid) to current and prospective students and their families based on what similar students paid in a previous year. Access Net Price Calculator Tool The College Financing Plan within Self-Service is a consumer tool that Union College uses to notify students about their financial aid package. It is designed to simplify the information that prospective students receive about costs and financial aid so that they can easily compare institutions and make informed decisions about where to attend school. Access College Financing Plan Tool in Self-Service The College is required by the federal government to derive a Cost of Attendance (COA) for several categories of students. These COAs are used to determine the eligibility for financial aid. The COA represents direct costs, like tuition and fees that you pay directly to the College, and indirect costs, like transportation for going to and from class. The COA is an estimate of these charges, based on an average for this area, and will likely vary from your actual costs in each category. The COA is different for different groups of students and may vary depending on how many credits you are taking, if you live in or out of county, if you live at home or have your own place, etc. If you are enrolled less than half-time, your cost of attendance for financial aid cannot include room and board or miscellaneous expenses. Below are some examples of COA for Full-Time and Part-Time students: In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/forms-and-worksheets/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Here you can find both important Financial Aid & Student Account Forms. Video Guides to Filling out AssureSign online forms. The majority of forms linked on this page can be completed entirely in your browser!See how easy the process is by watching the video guides below. Financial Aid Document Upload Form This form allows students to securely upload any of the following documents such as Tax Returns, Selective Service Registration, Citizenship or Permanent Residency Records, High School Diploma or GED, Driver’s license, along with other documentation that does not fit into another category. Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Appeal Process 2023-2024 Academic Year Forms 2022-2023 Academic Year Forms  
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/scholarships/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College offers a wide variety of scholarships to help our students achieve their educational goals. Scholarships are a form of financial aid that does not have to be repaid. We have more than 200 scholarships available to students every year. Each scholarship has different award requirements such as major, GPA, high school, city, community service and other specific criteria. Scholarships are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. Applying for ScholarshipsVisit the UCC Scholarship Website in order to see which scholarships are available! American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF III Grant)The ARP/HEERF III Grant provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants. The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus. Visit ucc.edu/covid19relief for Covid-19 Relief Funding Application Instructions Scholarship RequirementsMany scholarships require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) in order to be eligible. You can complete your FAFSA at www.fafsa.gov Your scholarship application will not be reviewed until you have first been evaluated for all federal and state grants. If you have already submitted a Union College Scholarship Application, you do not have to submit it again. Your application will remain in consideration for any new or un-awarded scholarships for the full Academic Year. Important considerations when applying for a scholarship are as follows.You must: Scholarships for Union College Students Access your Union College Online Scholarship Application Here 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Students Must Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) DACA/Undocumented Check the status of submitted documents Please visit Self-Service to see the status of submitted documents.
                    All documents are reviewed within 7 to 10 business days. If the document shows “Received”, your
                    document is pending review by your Financial Aid Counselor. If the document shows “Incomplete”
                    or “Additional Information”, note the reasoning in bold and resubmit with corrections. Submit requested documents to the Financial Aid Office When you check to see that your FAFSA was received, you may also notice that some other documents
                    are in a “Missing” or “Incomplete” status. Please submit all required documents using the secure
                    link found on the Forms and Worksheets page. If you receive any requests via email or through the mail from the New Jersey Higher Education
                    Student Assistance Authority (HESAA), please comply with those requests. You must submit all
                    documents that they request to be eligible for any state aid including Tuition Aid Grant (TAG),
                    Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF), Community College Opportunity Grant (CCOG), and NJ STARS.
                 Review your financial aid award The Financial Aid Office does not make tentative awards. You will not be awarded any federal or
                    state financial aid (including grants and loans) until all required documents have been
                    reviewed. Once your documents have been reviewed, you will see your financial aid award in Self-Service. You can view your financial aid award amounts
                    for the entire academic year or for a single term. If your documents have been reviewed and you do not see a financial aid award, it is because you
                    are not eligible for grants. You may still be eligible for student loans and scholarships.
                    Information about how student loans work and how to request one can be found on our Loans page. Information about how scholarships work and how to
                    apply for one can be found on our Scholarships page. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/educational-opportunity-fund/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College What is the Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF) Program?For over 50 years, the EOF program has provided students from educationally and economically disadvantaged backgrounds an opportunity to pursue a college degree.  Created by statute in 1968, EOF has provided academic, financial, and social support to thousands of students.  The Program is geared toward students who: For more general information about the State of New Jersey Department of Higher Education Educational Opportunity Fund program, please visit the official state website at: https://www.nj.gov/highereducation/EOF/ Services and Benefits to Students How can I apply? Applying for the Fall or Spring Semester Pending overall program space availability, applications will be available at the beginning of the Fall Semester for EOF Transfer Students. Currently enrolled Union College students and first-time college students who did not attend an EOF Summer Program Session. To complete an EOF Academic Year application, please click here. Applying for the EOF Summer Program Priority for acceptance into the EOF program is given to first-time, full-time college students who attend an EOF Summer Program session. Space in EOF and each session is limited, so interested students are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. For more information about the EOF Summer Program, please click here. Educational Opportunity Fund Program1033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ, 07016 Phone: 908-709-7088Email: eof@ucc.edu 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College has available over 60 degree and certificate programs and provides a wide range of services to support student success.  The college offers two-year programs leading to degrees in Associate in Arts (AA) and Associate in Science (AS). Students who satisfactorily complete these two-year programs may transfer to four-year institutions for their junior and senior years.  Many programs lead to the Associate in Applied Science (AAS) degree, the Certificate or Diploma, after which students may choose to conclude their formal education and seek employment in their fields of study. Our faculty and staff are experts in their fields and are committed to academic excellence in a supportive and nurturing environment. Kindly visit our individual division web pages for more detailed information about our courses and programs. 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-allied-sciences/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College We are the division that prepares students with the knowledge, skills, and professional traits necessary to become competent, compassionate, and contributing professionals in the fields served by our programs in American Sign Language/Deaf Studies, Practical Nursing, Emergency Medical Technician, Health Science, Paramedic and Physical Therapist Assistant. These programs lead to positions where communication, competence and compassion are essential.  Our students have the opportunity to interact with individuals from diverse backgrounds and in different settings.  All of the programs are either externally or state accredited, or recognized for their high quality curriculum.  Upon licensure or certification, graduates of the allied sciences are able to assume positions in acute, long term and other community-based agencies. The Division offers AS, AAS and Certificate programs in a variety of health and communication based programs. Below you will find a link to our programs of study.  It is our goal to assist you in being successful in entering the profession of your choice. American Sign Language and Deaf Studies, A.S. American Sign Language and Deaf Studies, C.T. Educational Interpreter Program (EIP), C.T.A. Emergency Medical Studies, C.T. Emergency Medical Studies, C.T.A. Health Information Technology, A.A.S Health Science, A.S. Paramedic Emergency Health Science, A.A.S. Physical Therapist Assistant, A.A.S. Practical Nursing, C.T. Respiratory Care, A.A.S. Please review our Programs of Study Here Public Notice of Pre-Accreditation Status Accreditation The Practical Nursing Program at Union College has received accreditation from the NJ Board of Nursing and from the National League for Nursing NLN Commission for Nursing Education and Accreditation. Applicants and current students may contact the Board of Nursing and/or CNEA with inquiries or concerns regarding the nursing program at the: New Jersey Board of Nursing124 Halsey StreetPO Box 45010Newark, NJ 07101(973) 504-6430http://www.state.nj.us/lps/ca/medical/nursing.htm The program is accredited by the National League for Nursing Commission for Nursing Education Accreditation (NLN CNEA) effective 2019-2025. This is an optional accreditation that recognizes the program’s “ability to meet or exceed standards and criteria for educational quality”.CNEAThe Watergate2600 Virginia Avenue, NW | Eighth FloorWashington, DC 20037 | 800-669-1656https://www.nln.org/ 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-humanities/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Humanities Division offers students the opportunity to take a wide variety of courses in English, ESL, communications, fine arts and modern languages. Nearly all of Union College’s students take a class in our Division, as English 101 and English 102 are requirements for most majors. Our goal is to offer courses and activities that encourage students to: Humanities Courses English (ENG) Fine Arts (FIA) Communications (COM) Arabic (ARB) Chinese (CHN) French (FRE) German (GER) Italian (ITA) Spanish (SPA) Please visit our Programs page to find out about our Humanities programs. Please visit our Student Clubs and Activities page to find out about our Humanities clubs and activities. To contact us, please call the Humanities Division Secretary or email humanities@ucc.edu AVP Academic Affairs and Dean of Humanities
View Melissa Sande Contact Info Division Secretary
View Oneida Wright Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-social-science-business-and-history/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Students in the 21st century benefit from a thorough grounding in the studies of human social interaction and diversity, as well as a knowledge of the trade of goods, services, and ideas, all understood with an appropriate historical perspective. It is important to understand how innovative paths have been forged, how today’s global age is taking shape and the ways in which we can make a meaningful impact. In the pursuit of such life-long learning, Union College provides this opportunity through the study of the social sciences, business, and history. The SSBH division offers a variety of courses in many learning platforms: face-to-face, blended and online. We encourage you to take classes with our highly educated, diverse and extremely dedicated full-time and part-time faculty members. Social SciencesSocial sciences concern, most simply, the study of human interaction within a society and how these interactions influence the broader community and world. Programs in the Social Sciences include: BusinessAs one of the most popular majors in colleges and universities worldwide, business includes the study of management, operations, finance, human resources, and marketing. Students can learn general business theories and practice or become highly specialized in the discipline. According to a ranking by Georgetown University (2022), Union College was ranked the #1 business program for associate degree holders. Programs in Business include: HistoryHistory, in its broadest sense, is the study of our collective past. For many historians, historical perspective is the key to understanding our present realities. Students majoring in History at Union College have a unique opportunity to complete an internship course A.A. (ASSOCIATE IN ARTS) DEGREE PROGRAMS:BusinessEarly Childhood/Elementary EducationEducationHistoryPsychologyPublic AdministrationSociology A.S. (ASSOCIATE IN SCIENCE) DEGREE PROGRAMS:Criminal JusticeeSportsLiberal StudiesSocial ServicesParalegal StudiesSport ManagementSupply Chain Management A.A.S. (ASSOCIATE IN APPLIED SCIENCE) DEGREE PROGRAMS:AccountingBlockchain TechnologyBusiness ManagementBusiness MarketingFire Science TechnologyHotel, Restaurant and Tourism CERTIFICATES:Criminal JusticeHomeland Security Certificate of AchievementOffice Professional Certificate of AchievementParalegal Studies Certificate of AchievementLiberal StudiesSupply Chain Management Certificate of Achievement View Contact Information View Contact Information View Contact Information 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-divisions/division-of-stem-science-technology-engineering-and-mathematics/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Women in Research “Science makes people reach selflessly for truth and objectivity; it teaches people to accept reality, with wonder and admiration, not to mention the deep awe and joy that the natural order of things brings to the true scientist.”  — Lise Meitner WelcomeSTEM Division(Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) If you have wandered onto this site, it is because you have an interest in answering the questions of How and Why.  This is the first step in the path that will lead you to a career where you can explore, create, build, and answer the questions of How and Why. The Division offers AS and AAS programs in Biology, Chemistry, Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Game Design/Development, and a number of Technology programs.  We have introduced a new AS program in Cybersecurity. We have certificate programs in CAD/CAM and Photovoltaic Studies. Our team is led by Mr. William Dunscombe, Dean of STEM; Mr. Faraz Siddique, Assistant Dean of STEM; Mr. Derrick Collins, Division Secretary; and the Faculty and staff who instruct and mentor you in and out of the classroom. On this page, you will find links to the programs as well as academic maps to guide you on your path.  We will post links to information regarding career options and research opportunities. Check back often for interesting tips, events, and information regarding the Division. Please feel free to contact us at anytime. We are here to help you be successful in your program here at Union College. Dean of STEM
View William Dunscombe Contact Info Associate Dean, STEM Division
View Faraz Siddique Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-program/trinitas-school-of-nursing/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Partnership with Union College Trinitas School of Nursing, in partnership with Union College, conducts a Cooperative Nursing Program that awards students a diploma in Nursing from Trinitas School of Nursing and an associate in science from Union College upon successful completion of the program. The School is located in the Elizabeth, New Jersey. Interested in learning more? Visit the Trinitas Nursing School Website.for additional program details. 
https://jfkmuhlenbergschools.org/nursing/program-information-nursing
 Our dedicated faculty, professional staff and administration are eager to help students reach their potential. Day and evening class scheduling is available to meet individual needs. In cooperation with Union College, students earn an Associate in Science degree as well as a diploma in their chosen discipline from JFK Muhlenberg Snyder. Join us for an online presentation with Q&A to learn more about our programs. Sessions take place on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month at 2 p.m.  Please complete the fields below to receive more information about our programs.   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks: 
(No Prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs.)
January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023
Radiography Program: January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks:
(No prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs)
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023 Diagnostic Medical Sonography:
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023   American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF Grants) The ARP/HEERF Act provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants.  The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus.   The JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Nursing/Union College Cooperative Nursing Program provides an education soundly rooted in outstanding academic traditions of both hospital-based nursing education and community college education.   The Radiography cooperative program between JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Radiography and Union College offers the advantage of a hospital-based radiography program coupled with college-based academic courses.   The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program was established in 2003 as a hospital-based sonography program. The School has multiple clinical sites providing a wide range of professional experiences to the students.  
Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing
Suite 850
3343 Peachtree Road NE
Atlanta, Georgia, 30328
P: (404) 975-5000
F: (404) 975-5020 
New Jersey State Board of Nursing
124 Halsey Street, 6th Fl
Newark, NJ, 07101
P: (973) 504-6430 NJ Radiologic Technology Board of Examiners
Bureau of X-Ray Compliance
P.O. Box 420 (Mail Code 25-01)
Trenton, NJ 08625
P: (609) 984-5890 Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology
20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 2850
Chicago, IL 60606-3182
P: (312) 704-5300 Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775 © 2023 Hackensack Meridian Health 
https://jfkmuhlenbergschools.org/school-programs/radiography-program/program-information-radiography
 Our dedicated faculty, professional staff and administration are eager to help students reach their potential. Day and evening class scheduling is available to meet individual needs. In cooperation with Union College, students earn an Associate in Science degree as well as a diploma in their chosen discipline from JFK Muhlenberg Snyder. Join us for an online presentation with Q&A to learn more about our programs. Sessions take place on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month at 2 p.m.  Please complete the fields below to receive more information about our programs.   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks: 
(No Prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs.)
January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023
Radiography Program: January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks:
(No prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs)
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023 Diagnostic Medical Sonography:
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023   American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF Grants) The ARP/HEERF Act provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants.  The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus.   The JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Nursing/Union College Cooperative Nursing Program provides an education soundly rooted in outstanding academic traditions of both hospital-based nursing education and community college education.   The Radiography cooperative program between JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Radiography and Union College offers the advantage of a hospital-based radiography program coupled with college-based academic courses.   The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program was established in 2003 as a hospital-based sonography program. The School has multiple clinical sites providing a wide range of professional experiences to the students.  
Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing
Suite 850
3343 Peachtree Road NE
Atlanta, Georgia, 30328
P: (404) 975-5000
F: (404) 975-5020 
New Jersey State Board of Nursing
124 Halsey Street, 6th Fl
Newark, NJ, 07101
P: (973) 504-6430 NJ Radiologic Technology Board of Examiners
Bureau of X-Ray Compliance
P.O. Box 420 (Mail Code 25-01)
Trenton, NJ 08625
P: (609) 984-5890 Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology
20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 2850
Chicago, IL 60606-3182
P: (312) 704-5300 Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775 © 2023 Hackensack Meridian Health 
https://jfkmuhlenbergschools.org/school-programs/diagnostic-medical-sonography-program/program-information-sonography
 Our dedicated faculty, professional staff and administration are eager to help students reach their potential. Day and evening class scheduling is available to meet individual needs. In cooperation with Union College, students earn an Associate in Science degree as well as a diploma in their chosen discipline from JFK Muhlenberg Snyder. Join us for an online presentation with Q&A to learn more about our programs. Sessions take place on the 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month at 2 p.m.  Please complete the fields below to receive more information about our programs.   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks: 
(No Prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs.)
January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023
Radiography Program: January 3, 2023 - July 14, 2023   Generic and Pathways to BSN Tracks:
(No prerequisites required for Generic and Pathways to BSN programs)
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023 Diagnostic Medical Sonography:
July 17, 2023- November 3, 2023   American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF Grants) The ARP/HEERF Act provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants.  The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus.   The JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Nursing/Union College Cooperative Nursing Program provides an education soundly rooted in outstanding academic traditions of both hospital-based nursing education and community college education.   The Radiography cooperative program between JFK Muhlenberg Snyder School of Radiography and Union College offers the advantage of a hospital-based radiography program coupled with college-based academic courses.   The Diagnostic Medical Sonography Program was established in 2003 as a hospital-based sonography program. The School has multiple clinical sites providing a wide range of professional experiences to the students.  
Accreditation Commission for Education in Nursing
Suite 850
3343 Peachtree Road NE
Atlanta, Georgia, 30328
P: (404) 975-5000
F: (404) 975-5020 
New Jersey State Board of Nursing
124 Halsey Street, 6th Fl
Newark, NJ, 07101
P: (973) 504-6430 NJ Radiologic Technology Board of Examiners
Bureau of X-Ray Compliance
P.O. Box 420 (Mail Code 25-01)
Trenton, NJ 08625
P: (609) 984-5890 Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology
20 N. Wacker Drive, Suite 2850
Chicago, IL 60606-3182
P: (312) 704-5300 Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs9355 - 113th St. N, #7709
Seminole, FL 33775 © 2023 Hackensack Meridian Health 
https://www.ucc.edu/universitycenter/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Thinking about your future? When it’s time to transfer to a four-year institution, you can stay right here at Union College and TRANSFER to our prestigious partner university, Montclair. The University Center is located at our beautiful, state-of-the art Scotch Plains Campus, where you can complete your bachelor’s degree and start your future today. UNIVERSITY CENTER FAQS What’s next?  View Partnership Info On MSU’s
                        Website 
https://www.ucc.edu/ah/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The American Honors Program helps students earn bachelor’s degrees from great schools. American Honors is for high achieving, academically motivated students who attend and graduate from Union College and then transfer to a four-year institution. Students who are accepted into the American Honors program will have access to small class sizes under 20 students, classes taught by full-time faculty members, professional academic advising, transfer support, admission to numerous seminars and workshops, and access to the Honors lounge! Contact American Honors honors@ucc.edu
 (908) 497-4394 Honors classes are small, seminar style classes that promote student engagement. Classes are limited to 20 students and are taught by the College’s most distinguished faculty. Honors classes focus on a learner centered pedagogy, enhancing critical thinking and inquiry. Honors students have a dedicated academic specialist who provides personalized advisement and helps support their success. The academic specialist guides their students with registration through graduation, campus resources, and transfer. The Honors Lounge serves as the center of the Honors program. Students meet here for study sessions, game nights, meetings, and events. Workshops, social events, alumni transfer panels, and faculty meet and greets are just a few ways that students can build relationships with faculty and peers. American Honors students… For full consideration, apply by August 15th for the Fall semester or by December 15th for the Spring semester. While completing the application to attend Union College, make sure you answer “Yes” to the question asking if you are interested in the American Honors program. After you complete the main Union College Application, you will automatically be provided access to apply for the supplemental American Honors application. Our program strives to recruit the best and brightest students. Your story and strong academic background are crucial aspects we use to evaluate your application.  The admissions process consists of submitting a completed application, all education transcripts, test scores, and possible interview in which the Admissions Committee will then consider all aspects in a timely matter before the admissions decision is relayed to the applicant. This process could take up to several weeks and we appreciate your patience. Meet the Honors Faculty! “The American Honors program provided me with an environment to grow as a student and a person!” “The American Honors program helped me greatly when it came to the transition from high school to college. College can be a stressful experience, but because of American Honors and the amazing advisors, I enjoyed studying here.” “American Honors is a community full of motivated individuals that push you to succeed.” 
https://www.ucc.edu/esl/iie/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome to the Institute for Intensive EnglishThe Institute for Intensive English (IIE) provides an English for Academic Purposes (EAP) program for ESL students to enhance their English language abilities in order to further their academic, career, and/or personal goals. Did you know Union College offers two ESL Programs? Beginner students attend class with the CEWD program, while the IIE is for intermediate to advanced students. If you want more information about the other program, Visit Union’s ESL homepage.   The Institute for Intensive English provides a program of intensive instruction in English for speakers of other languages. Through this program students have the opportunity to enhance their English language abilities in order to further their academic, career, and/or personal goals. After placement testing, students enter an appropriate ESL level of instruction commensurate with their abilities. In all levels, students can register for two core English for Academic Purposed (EAP) courses: Grammar/Writing and Reading/Listening/Speaking. Upon completing each course, there is an exit test to assess a student’s proficiency. While enrolled in ESL courses, students can take additional content area courses, depending on a student’s level. International/F1 Visa Students:Contact our International Student Advisors, international@ucc.eduto schedule an appointment to review additional requirements. Institute for Intensive EnglishUnion CollegeLessner Building-Room E-41412 West Jersey St.Elizabeth, NJ 07201 Call the Institute’s Main Phone: 908-965-6031Email iie@ucc.edu PLACEMENT TESTING CENTERS – ESL TestingElizabeth Campus – Lessner Building, 1st FloorCranford Campus – SD 130For more information on ESL Testing, click here. ADMISSIONSTo fill out a College Application you can go to Admissions Office on any campus or click here to fill out an application online. APPLYING FOR FINANCIAL AIDFor more information on applying for financial aid, click here. What time do classes meet?For a listing of course meeting times, please visit Self-Service. Click here to be directed to the ESL Course Offerings. How can I prepare for the placement test?Complete testing information can be found on our website at Testing Center: ESL Testing. Click here to be directed to the ESL Testing webpage. I took ESL in high school. Do I have to take ESL at Union College?Complete testing information can be found on our website at Testing Center: ESL Testing. Click here to be directed to the ESL Testing webpage. Do I have to buy textbooks?Yes, you do. Find more detailed information about textbooks click here. How do I pay for my courses?For detailed information, including Financial Aid, click here to be directed to the Paying for College & Financial Aid webpage. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department offers a variety of affordable non-credit courses for professional development and industry credential attainment. Programming includes business, education, computers and technology, healthcare and more. Class schedules include evenings, daytime and Saturdays. We invite you to browse our catalog for a full look at instructor-led and programs by our professional experts and self-paced independent, online courses through: We can help you choose the right path and the right program for your educational journey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/high-school-dual-enrollment/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College High school students in their Junior or Senior year and at least 16 years of age, may apply for the Bridge Program to begin earning college credits. Welcome to Union College. The three steps outlined below are the recommended sequence of enrollment. Begin Application 
https://www.ucc.edu/alc/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Academic Learning Centers (ALCs) are certified by the international College Reading and Learning Association, and provide academic support to a large, diverse student population through free tutoring and computer assisted instruction at three campus locations. Our Math Success Centers in Cranford and Elizabeth offer targeted support in mathematics, engineering, and physics and provide a collaborative environment for our students. Our services are provided on a walk-in basis to ensure that students are able to obtain the help they need at the times that are most convenient. The ALCs provide students with tutoring services designed to: Union College has learning centers available on its three campuses located in Cranford, Elizabeth and Plainfield. SPRING/FALL Hours CranfordLocation: 1st floor of the MacKay BuildingPhone: (908) 709-7526Hours: Mondays – Thursdays | 8am – 9pmFridays | 8am – 5 pmSaturdays | 10am – 2 pm ElizabethLocation: 1st floor of the Kellogg BuildingPhone: (908) 965-6009Hours: Mondays – Thursdays | 8am – 7pmFridays | 8am – 5 pmSaturdays | 10am – 2 pm PlainfieldLocation: 1st floor of the Annex BuildingPhone: (908) 412-3540Hours: Mondays – Thursdays | 8am – 7pmFridays | 8am – 5 pm How do I get tutoring?Come to the ALC on any campus and check the tutoring schedule. Whenever a tutor is scheduled to be at the center, you may work with that tutor. Tutoring schedules may also be checked on Owl’s Nest. Do I need to call for an appointment?No appointment is necessary.  Our services are offered on a “walk-in” basis. Where are the Learning Centers located? How much does it cost?There is no charge to students currently enrolled in degree programs at Union College. You must, however, be enrolled in the course for which you are seeking tutoring. Can I get tutoring for a class that I will be taking next semester just to get a “head start?”Unfortunately, while we applaud a student’s initiative, we can only provide tutoring for courses in which he/she is currently enrolled. Tutoring is designed to support not replace the work of the professor for the course. Can the tutor come to my home?We do not permit our staff to tutor students outside the centers. What if I can’t come to campus? Can I get tutoring over the phone?We regret that we are unable to provide tutoring over the phone. This would take the tutors away from the tutees seeking their help. What courses are tutored at the ALC?Our tutoring schedule for all the courses tutored is on our website as well as at each learning center.  We try to offer support for as many courses as possible. The range of subjects covered may vary from one semester to the other. Is there a limit to the amount of tutoring I can receive?You can access as much assistance as you’d like, based upon the posted tutoring schedule. Can the tutor come to my home?We do not permit our staff to tutor students outside the centers. Can the English tutors proofread my paper?In order to maintain the integrity of the students’ work, our English tutors are instructed not to write on student papers. While tutors will assist the student in developing a theme or an idea for a paper, they will not write the paper for them. The tutor will point out recurring problems (i.e., tense, punctuation, spelling, etc.), but will not make any changes to the paper. Can I type my paper at the ALC?Yes, each ALC has computers available to any registered student as well as computer tutors to help with word processing questions. Can I access the Internet at the ALC?Yes, all computers have Internet access. You must, however, have a Union College student account to use the computers.  All Union College students have a computer account ready for accessing. ALC tutors will help you open your student account if you have not already done so. Besides tutoring, word processing and Internet access, what else does the ALC provide? Does the ALC provide online tutoring?The ALC is providing online tutoring using THINKINGSTORM to students enrolled in online and hybrid courses. You can access THINKINGSTORM through your CANVAS. Can I get a job at the ALC? Yes, the ALC employs student workers for subject matter tutoring, assistance in the computer labs and at the reception desk. Applications for employment are on our website and may be emailed to us. You will need to supply the names of two Union College faculty or staff members as references. We will contact them for you. How are the tutors selected?Peer tutors are often recommended by Union College faculty. Others apply for a job after they have come here for tutoring and have achieved success in their coursework. Also, some students come to us based upon recommendations of currently employed staff members. All tutors must have achieved at least a B+  in the course they wish to tutor as well as a recommendation from a faculty member in that discipline; they must have an overall GPA of at least 3.0. We also have paraprofessional tutors (tutors who have graduated from Union College) and a limited number of professional tutors (tutors who have a Master’s or Bachelor’s Degrees). English Mathematics 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-calendar/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/priorlearning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Prior Learning Assessment (PLA) is a way for students to gain credits towards their degree by assessing previous learning experiences that align with college-level learning. Union College awards credits for prior learning where there is documented evidence that the student has mastered course learning outcomes. Each type of prior learning is defined below. The process for approval may differ for each type of activity. Prior learning is defined as a student having the ability to be awarded credits in their program of study through the following activities or processes: The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning by completing a Challenge Exam. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Contact the academic division (see email below) to confirm the availability of a Challenge Exam for the requested course. Student will work with the academic division to schedule a date and time to complete the Challenge Exam. Step 2. Meet with an academic advisor to complete Part I of the Credit for Prior Learning: Challenge Exam form after the Challenge Exam date and time is scheduled. Step 3.  Submit the Credit for Prior Learning: Challenge Exam form and exam confirmation email from the academic division to pla@ucc.edu Step 4.  Complete the Challenge Exam. Step 5.  Union reviews the Challenge Exam results and potential course equivalency. Step 6.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu. The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning based on an earned licensure or government certification. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Meet with an academic advisor to complete Part I of the Credit for Prior Learning: Licensure/Government Certification form. Step 2.  Obtain a copy of approved license or government certification from awarding entity. Step 3.  Complete Part II of the Credit for Prior Learning: Licensure/Government Certification form. Step 4.  Submit the Credit for Prior Learning: Licensure/Government Certification form and copy of approved license or government certification to pla@ucc.edu Step 5.  Union reviews the submitted packet and potential course equivalency Step 6.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning by submitting a portfolio documenting prior work experience for review. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Review the Prior Learning Assessment Portfolio (PLA) Guidelines. Contact pla@ucc.edu with any questions regarding the guidelines. Step 2.  Develop the Portfolio with required items as described in the PLA Guidelines. Step 3.  Submit the complete PLA Portfolio packet to pla@ucc.edu Step 4.  Union reviews the submitted packet and potential course equivalency Step 5.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu The steps below outline the process for requesting credit prior learning based on ACE recommendation, industry-valued credential(s), industry exams or certifications, or Continuing Education and Workforce Development certificate of completion. Student Packet Checklist Step 1.  Meet with an academic advisor to complete Part I of the Credit for Prior Learning: Other PLA Models form. Step 2.  Obtain a copy of the relevant documentation to verify completion of the prior learning credential. Step 3.  Complete Part II of the Credit for Prior Learning: Other PLA Models form. Step 4.  Submit the Credit for Prior Learning: Other PLA Models form and copy of supporting documentation to pla@ucc.edu Step 5.  Union reviews the submitted packet and potential course equivalency. Step 6.  Student is notified of completion of PLA review through email from pla@ucc.edu Student Documents Faculty Documents 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-affairs/assessment/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Learning Outcomes Assessment Handbook Program Assessment Plan Mapping PLOs to CLOs Program Results: Closing the Loop Course Results: Closing the Loop 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/final-exam-schedule/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click the links below to view the Union College Final Exam Schedules.  
https://www.ucc.edu/unionbooksubscription/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College we are always looking for ways to improve student access, success, and innovation. That is why we have partnered with Cengage to provide your course materials via a digital book subscription beginning in Fall 2019. Students enrolled in a Cengage Unlimited book subscription program will benefit with electronic access from any device when fall classes start to all, or most, of the required course materials for an affordable price of $140 for a whole year! You will also have unlimited access to over 22,000-course materials in their library. You can access your digital materials from nearly 2000 computers across our campuses whenever the College is open.  CENGAGE Tech Support The Cengage Unlimited student support team delivers answers and advice via 24/7 live phone and chat support. If you have questions, please contact Cengage directly. Cengage Contact Info & Guide HOW WILL YOU GET ACCESS? You will access Cengage Unlimited through your class’s Canvas course at the start of the term. Once the term begins, you will: Go to Your Class’s Canvas Course  >> Click Modules on the Course Navigation strip >> Click the Cengage Link >> Sign In or Sign Up with Cengage  >> You’re All Set! You now have full access to Cengage Unlimited. You will access Cengage Unlimited through your class’ Canvas course shell. To begin you will: Go to Your Class’s Canvas Course  >> Click the Cengage Link  >> Sign In or Sign Up with Cengage  >> You’re All Set! You now have full access to Cengage Unlimited. LOOKING FOR MORE INFORMATION? Additional Student Getting Started Materials and specific details on Union College courses using Cengage Unlimited will be available over the coming weeks.    If you have general questions about the materials required for your classes reach out to the instructor teaching the class or the Dean of the Division.    CENGAGE UNLIMTED STUDENT SUPPORT The Cengage Unlimited student support team delivers answers and advice via 24/7 live phone and chat support. If you have questions, please let us know! Email Us Anytime CUIescalations@cengage.com Call Us Anytime 1-800-354-9706   
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-affairs/academic-master-plan/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The new five-year Academic Master Plan (AMP) focuses on Union College’s commitment to empower students in achieving their goals by providing access to high quality and affordable higher education to the residents of Union County. The values that guide the operation of the College are student success, excellence, student engagement, collaboration, integrity, stewardship, community engagement, diversity, and globalization. This AMP offers strategic and operational priorities for the Division of Academic Affairs through 2023, while building on current strengths and embracing new opportunities. This Plan will include the following academic years: In 2021-2022, if deemed relevant, the Plan will be reviewed for currency and for the inclusion of emerging trends and opportunities. In order to ensure the next Plan is prepared on a timely basis, in 2022-2023, a new Plan will be written so that a current AMP is available for the development of the next Matrix. Through the leadership of the Vice President for Academic Affairs, the Division Deans, faculty, and staff, the AMP outlines a bold vision to engage the entire College community and progressively bolster imperative success metrics, including enrollment, learning, retention, and graduation rates through four overarching Core Concepts: 1. Aligning academic efforts with workforce needs –to increase enrollment and preparedness of adult learners. 2. Applying creative and engaging strategies for teaching – to bolster effective teaching and learning outcomes. 3. Using targeted data and predictive analytics – to strengthen institutional and student success outcomes. 4. Developing collaborative partnerships – to advance institutional and student success with high schools, senior colleges, and businesses and industry partners. The central focus of this AMP is to foster student success through a pursuit of excellence while providing access to the transformative power of education to the Union County community. These four Core Concepts will be in large part accomplished by a number of “Next BIG Things:” All of these Core Concepts are intimately intertwined with one another to reinforce the goals of the College as it moves forward into the next decade. If faculty and students are engaged in the classroom, students will continue to engage as alumni. If data is obtained and maintained about current and potential procedures and opportunities, students will be better prepared to succeed at Union College, a senior college, and in the workforce. Collaborating with the community will enhance student engagement, workforce opportunities, and a wider population with which to obtain, share, and analyze meaningful data. In other words, everything that the College does can and should function as an ongoing effort among all parties to support its vision, goals, and success. Borrowing a powerful idea from entrepreneur Marcus Lemonis, star of the television show, The Profit, who breaks down any success into three key components: product, process, and people (Ciccarelli, 2015), we commit to continually refining our products (the curricula) and our services for the people that we serve – which include all our stakeholders, including students, alumni, staff, faculty, and our Union County community. In addition, we commit to processes that maintain our fiscal well-being and the development of new initiatives that will keep the College in the forefront of innovative practices and offerings. Finally, we will continue to strive to attract and employ people who support our success priority. Union College Academic Master Plan 2019-2024 
https://www.ucc.edu/library/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/transfer-assistance/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Thinking about Transferring? Prior to meeting with a transfer advisor review the transfer institutions course requirements and application deadline dates. Need more help with finding out what might transfer? Please visit www.njtransfer.org Visit Advising, Career, and Transfer Services on any campus and speak with a Transfer advisor to work on your plan for graduation and moving from Union to a Bachelor’s degree granting institution. www.njtransfer.org 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/academic-course-catalog-archive/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 2023 – 2024 Academic Course Catalog:Browse Online Catalog 2022 – 2023 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2021 – 2022 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2020 – 2021 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2019 – 2020 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2018 – 2019 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2017 – 2018 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2016 – 2017 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog | Browse Online Catalog 2015 – 2016 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2014 – 2015 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2013 – 2014 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2012 – 2013 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2011 – 2012 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2008 – 2010 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 2005 – 2007 Academic Course Catalog:View PDF Catalog 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to developing partnerships with business, industry, hospitals and professional and governmental groups to meet the changing workforce requirements of our region and also to serve as a learning center for the community and surrounding areas. Union College has developed and continues to develop innovative programs which provide lifelong learning, job training, career-enhancing professional certifications and enrichment for the College’s neighbors of all ages.   
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department offers a variety of affordable non-credit courses for professional development and industry credential attainment. Programming includes business, education, computers and technology, healthcare and more. Class schedules include evenings, daytime and Saturdays. We invite you to browse our catalog for a full look at instructor-led and programs by our professional experts and self-paced independent, online courses through: We can help you choose the right path and the right program for your educational journey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/current-catalog-and-registration/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Spring 2023 BrochureClick to View Brochure Key Registration Information: We are pleased to announce EASY self-enrollment is now available through our NEW registration platform. View the brochure below to see what courses we are offering this semester. Early enrollment is encouraged as class fill quickly. COURSES WITHOUT SUFFICIENT ENROLLMENT ARE CANCELLED 48 HOURS PRIOR TO THE COURSE START DATE! Please note: classes are offered in a variety of formats. Check brochure listing for details. Questions? Email us at coned@ucc.edu Would you like to receive updates on our course offerings? Click here to sign up for our emails. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department offers a variety of affordable non-credit courses for professional development and industry credential attainment. Programming includes business, education, computers and technology, healthcare and more. Class schedules include evenings, daytime and Saturdays. We invite you to browse our catalog for a full look at instructor-led and programs by our professional experts and self-paced independent, online courses through: We can help you choose the right path and the right program for your educational journey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/blog/2019/09/06/uniform-construction-code-courses-offered-at-union-county-college/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College CRANFORD – The Office of Continuing Education at Union College is offering Uniform Construction Code courses this semester for individuals interested in construction and licensure. These programs have been approved by the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs. Fire Inspector H.H.S. is a 60-hour hybrid program designed to prepare students to obtain licensing in the Fire Protection discipline of the New Jersey Uniform Construction Code after they have completed the Fire Inspector I.C.S. program. Course work includes the building use groups, types of construction, height and area, fire protection systems, and means of egress. Students will learn when the building codes require such systems and equipment in newly renovated structures, along with the standards for systems installations and acceptance testing. Textbook information is provided the first day of class. The in-person session will be held on Saturday, September 21 from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. at the Cranford campus. Online sessions will be held through the Canvas learning platform on Tuesday and Thursday evenings, September 23 through November 7 from 6:30 to 10:30 p.m. The cost of the Fire Inspector H.H.S. program is $650. Building Inspector R.C.S. is a 90-hour hybrid program which provides students with the educational information on building code requirements for medium-sized industrial and commercial structures. This course covers the following: structural systems, structural designs and analysis techniques, fire protection systems, systems design and installation practices, mechanical systems, general requirements of electrical and plumbing sub-codes, and plan review and field inspection. The in-person session will be held on Saturday, October 5 from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. on the Cranford Campus. Online sessions will be held through the Canvas learning platform on Monday and Wednesday evening October 7 through December 23 from 6:30 to 10:30 p.m. The cost of the program is $785. The Electrical Inspector H.H.S. course is 45 hours in length and covers electrical service and sizing, branch circuit and feeder design, appliance and motor circuits, plan review and field inspection, systematic plans analysis, material requirements, installations methods, basic inspection, report writing, violations notices, inspection and recordkeeping. The course will be held on Tuesday and Thursday evenings from October 8 through November 26 from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. The prerequisite for this course is Electrical Inspector I.C.S., and the cost of the program is $525. For more information on these classes, please view the Continuing Education brochure online at www.ucc.edu/ce. One can also enroll by calling the Office of Continuing Education at (908) 709-7600 or by visiting the office on the Cranford campus. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/senior-programs/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College of Union County, New Jersey offers Senior programs to Union County residents aged 60 or older. This program is funded by the Union County Board of County Commissioners. We are pleased to announce EASY self-enrollment is available through our registration platform. View the brochure below to see what programs are being offered. Early enrollment is encouraged as classes fill quickly. Programs are offered in a variety of formats – so please check the brochure for details. Please note this registration system serves both Adult and Senior Scholar students. Senior Scholar classes will be listed alphabetically by name with “for Seniors 60+” following the name of the program i.e., Photo Archiving for Seniors 60+. Seniors BrochureClick to view Summer 2023 brochure! Subscribe to our mailing list so that you receive email notifications when we post our brochures each semester. Questions? Email us at coned@ucc.edu or call (908) 709-7600. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/youth-programs/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Continuing Education Department Youth Programs are offered to students ages 8 to 14. To ensure the safety of our students, all programming will be through remote instruction. The magic in every student comes to life as never before when they are empowered to be as creative as they were all born to be! Black Rocket has twenty years of experience designing courses in the S.T.E.A.M fields. Every program is powered by the child’s innate imagination and designed to bring their ideas to life in a fun, hands-on learning environment. All Black Rocket programs mirror real-life experiences and the collaborative nature of the design process. Age Ranges: 8 to 14Offerings include Coding Academy, Minecraft Redstone Engineers, Roblox Makers, YouTube Content Creators and more. For course descriptions, tech requirements, pricing and registration: https://www.ucc.edu/blackrocket Questions: Call 908-709-7600 or email coned@ucc.edu Stay up to date on all our Youth Programs: Click here to sign on for our email list. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/continuing-education/teach-for-us/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College New classes – We are always looking for new classes to offer to the community, so if you have an idea for a new course please let us know! The first step is to complete the new course proposal form and send to Lisa Hiscano (View Lisa Hiscano Contact Info). Course syllabus – If you are a current instructor please complete the syllabus form and provide the required information requested in the documents. Course Attendance Sheet – If you are a current instructor, please complete the attendance sheet and enter the course and student information in preparation for each course you will teach. Please bring the form with you to each class and submit to the Continuing Education office with your roster and completed evaluation forms. Course Evaluation – Please click on the appropriate course evaluation for your class. Please make the appropriate number of copies at a campus copy machine and submit with your course documentation at the conclusion of class. CE Adult Course EvaluationCE Senior Scholar Course EvaluationCE Youth Program Evaluation 11-13 yearsCE Youth Program Evaluation 14+ years Prospective instructors –  If you are interested in teaching a course through the Continuing Education department, please check out the open job listings. If you are interested in teaching a program for youth (ages 11- 17) please see the open job listings. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College One of the best education and training resources in both quality and value is right here at Union College. Let the Industry-Business Institute (IBI) at Union College be your provider of choice for quality customized training solutions. We work side by side with clients to customize training solutions and deliver them with quality instructors, excellent materials and flexible scheduling. IBI is an approved training provider for the NJ Department of Labor Workforce Development Partnership Act and provides customized training grants and literacy training grants to eligible New Jersey employers. We secure and administer these grants at no cost to you. We are Business-Friendly, Business-Focused, Business-Minded! Try us! Stay informed about our training and recruiting resources for businesses/non-profits/employers. Click here. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/resources-for-business/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Invest in Your Most Valuable Resource…Your People! For decades, businesses in Union County have looked to the Industry-Business Institute (IBI) as a one-source solution for customized management and employee training needs. Training is a vital ingredient for success for new employees, or long term employees who need new skills, and the managers for whom they work. We deliver our training with quality instructors, excel­lent materials, and flexible scheduling. We also assist with need assessment, identify objectives, and recommend client-specific strategies. Our training solutions optimize retention of valued workers and help with change as business needs expand and evolve. IBI offers ongoing grant-funded programs in basic workforce and literacy skills through a grant from the NJ LWD to the New Jersey Community College Consortium. These are offered at our campuses on an open enrollment basis or at employer locations for existing staff in groups of ten (10) or more. IBI at Union College is an approved training provider for the NJ Department of Labor Workforce Development Partnership Act and provides customized training grants and literacy training grants to eligible New Jersey employers. We also provide assis­tance securing and administering these grants at no cost to you. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/talent-development-center/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College EMPLOYERS: As a partner in the effort to meet the skills and hiring needs for this sector, Union College provides pathways for your current employees through training programs where they can learn skills and earn industry valued credentials. We assist you with hiring new employees, and work with you to meet your company objectives. To submit open job descriptions, please use this link. JOB SEEKERS: We work with employers to identify hiring needs.  We recruit unemployed candidates for job training through the American Job Centers. We provide training and job development services for our trainees and help place them with our partner employers. Supply Chain Management Training Program
Students earn certification from the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP). Contact us at 908-965-2359 or ibi@ucc.edu to learn how you can utilize our training, recruiting and job development resources. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/clients-testimonials/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College ARC of Union County Advanced Gastroenterology Alent, Inc. Ammon Labs Alpha ALL-STATE LEGAL A&M Industrial The Alliance AmeriCare Physical Therapy Ann Klein Forensics Center Ashley Furniture Atalanta Atlantic Federal Credit Union The ARC of Union County Belting Industries Bergen Logistics Blue Blade Steel Celgene, Inc. Chemetall, Inc. City of Plainfield Clear Skies Title Comcast Community Coordinated Child Care of Union County The Connection Corbett Exterminators Cox Stationers and Printers
Crowne Plaza County of Union Damon Douglas Danline Quality Brushes Easter Seals East Bergen Board of Realtors East Coast Warehouse & Distribution Elizabethtown Gas FCC Products Fedway Associates, Inc. First Union Garden Homes Management Corp The Gateway Family YMCA Greater Westfield Area Chamber of Commerce Guest Packaging Hellmann Worldwide Logistics HMS Host Hussey Marine Alloys IBEW Local 102 Ideal Dairy Farms Inroads to Opportunity Interbake Foods Jewish Family Services JF Hillebrand JFK Hackensack Meridian Johnstone Supply Joule Staffing Kalustyan Corp Kessler Foundation Keller Williams Lincoln Mold & Die Lineage Logistics, Inc. Mack-Cali Realty Corp. Maher Terminals Master Cutlery Metropolitan Home Healthcare Maersk Lines Merck and Company, Inc Michael Foods MTF NATC Donuts Newark Beth Israel Hospital New Jersey Precision Technologies New Jersey Property-Liability Insurance Guaranty Association New Jersey Transit Newmark High School On-Time Transport Operating Engineers Local 825 Patel Printing Plus Patwin Plastics Partners Healthcare Performance Rehabilitation Plainfield Board of Education Prevention Links Pride and Service Elevator Prism Vision Group Phelps Dodge Print-Tech Puleo International Quality Indexing Rahway Chamber of Commerce Registrar & Transfer Company Rent the Runway Rider Insurance Roche Molecular Systems Roselle Bank RSI Bank RWJ University Hospital City of Rahway Runnells Hospital Sami Enterprises Schering-Plough Corporation Scotch Plains – Fanwood High School Senior Spirit Shipco Transport South Jersey Industries St. Peter’s Health Care Suburban Chambers of Commerce Summit Area YMCA SYSCO Foods transdev Trinitas Hospital Tropical Cheese Industries UCEDC Union Center National Bank US Ecology United Community Corporation United Way of Union County United Window & Door UTC Overseas Valcor Engineering Wakefern Food Corporation XPO Logistics YMCA of Eastern Union County YWCA of Eastern Union County 
   
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/industry-business-institute/resources-for-job-seekers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Industry-Business Institute works closely with the following resources at Union College. Please explore the links below to find the support you need with your job search. Career Services Center (open to the community) Workforce Innovation Business Center Center for Economic and Workforce Development 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College About / Mission This program was established in 2014 by the Union County Board of Commissioners, the Union County Workforce Development board and Union College. The Workforce Innovation Business Center builds on the success of Union County’s American Job Centers, and on the Board of Commissioner’s partnership with Union College. Through this rapidly growing relationship, job seekers can access training and other career services that help match them with prospective employers. The Workforce Innovation Business Center is a full-service learning center serving the business community and local residents of Union County New Jersey and beyond. Our Mission
For Job/Career Seekers The Center provides training and coaching to individuals preparing to enter the workforce and develop a career. For Businesses The Center serves as a resource to assist businesses in training, recruiting and hiring qualified employees through job fairs, facility rentals, job postings, job candidate pools and referral services. 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/partnerships/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College THE WIBC has partnered and worked with many companies such as :   40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/workplace-readiness-skills-training/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The workplace readiness (soft skills) training course is a comprehensive 40-hour curriculum offered over two (2) weeks and developed by Union College. The course is designed to help Union County residents enter the workforce with a foundation of skills that apply across a wide range of positions. The Workforce Innovation Business Center’s Soft Skills training covers: 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/job-and-training-counseling/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The WIBC provides one-on-one job counseling sessions. This is a type of counseling that focuses on helping our clients make the best of their careers. The main goal of a job counseling session  is to find careers that best fit personality, education experience, aptitudes, skill sets, interests, and long term objectives. The WIBC staff also provides assistance in developing a winning resume. It also holds mock interviews to improve  job interview skills.   40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/on-the-job-training-resource-for-employers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Union College On-the-Job Training (OJT) is a wage reimbursement program through the Union County Board of Commissioners and the Union County Workforce Development Board. This is a government initiative to assist eligible Union County workers in finding employment. Under this program, employers are provided a wage subsidy of up to 50 percent of the new hire’s salary during the first six months on the job to help defray the cost of training new employees. It is funded by the Union County Board of Commissioners through the Union County Workforce Development Board. This funding can be up to as much as $4,000 per employee. 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/workforce-innovation-business-center/other-resources-for-employers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Services to Businesses To Submit Job Descriptions to our Staff, click here 40 West Jersey Street
Elizabeth, New Jersey 07202
908-965-2992
Fax# 908-965-6014 View Isaias Rivera Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to developing partnerships with business, industry, hospitals and professional and governmental groups to meet the changing workforce requirements of our region and also to serve as a learning center for the community and surrounding areas. Union College has developed and continues to develop innovative programs which provide lifelong learning, job training, career-enhancing professional certifications and enrichment for the College’s neighbors of all ages.   
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/basic-skills/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Adult Basic Education The Center’s Adult Basic Education programs are designed to facilitate and increase the ability of adults to read, problem-solve and expand their language usage and are based College and Career Readiness Standards. Students will enter the program after taking the Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment System (CASAS) in order to be placed in the correct level of instruction.  Upon successful program completion, the participants will be post tested on the CASAS to appropriately move them in other basic education classes, to occupational training programs or into employment.  An additional objective of the program is to prepare adults with learning materials, skills, and experiences that will prepare them to successfully participate in occupational training, college courses or taking the GED. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/english-as-second-language/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College English as a Second Language WIOA Title II Grant Opportunity English as a Second Language (ESL) focuses on providing instruction to non-English speaking students in need of English acquisition for employment and to continue their education in the United States. The program introduces the students to the fundamentals of the English Language with emphasis on speaking and comprehension. Did you know Union College offers 2 ESL Programs? CEWD ESL is for beginner students, while IIE is for intermediate to advanced students. If you want more info about the other program, Visit Union’s ESL homepage.   Students are exposed to a variety of learning experiences essentials to daily life in the United States. The course also provides students with exposure to the social and cultural life in the US, such as greetings, introductions, and forms of address. After each classroom lesson there is an opportunity for the students to review and reinforce the concepts presented through the use of ESL software set up in the computer lab. Post testing occurs at the end of each cycle of instruction, and students can advance to other levels of English instruction, to Adult Basic Educational classes, Occupational Training or enter Postsecondary Education depending on their individual test results. Union College uses standardized assessments that have been sanctioned by the State of New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development. ESL Civics Program Through the WIOA Title II Grant – We can help you at no-cost. CEWD Recruitment at (908) 659-5114 or by email at CEWD-Recruiting@ucc.edu English as a Second Language Level 1 and Level 2 for entrance to the Institute for Intensive English (Tuition Based Program) Learn English through a combination of listening, speaking, reading and writing classes. Classes are available for students at all levels. Students in the ESL program improve their English to meet their job, academic, and life goals. After placement testing, students enter an appropriate ESL level of instruction depending on their abilities. The placement test is available on all three campuses throughout the year. To get started: 1. Complete a College application online or in person at one of the College One Stop Centers. 2. After you apply, you will receive a College ID number and then take an ESL Placement test in person or online. For testing information, go to www.ucc.edu/testing and click on Make ESL Testing Appointment. 3. After you have tested, register for courses. ESL Beginner Program – Level 1 Prerequisite: College ESL Placement test. Required Courses: ESL Intermediate Program – Level 2 Prerequisite: College ESL Placement test or successful completion of all 3 of Level 1 courses. Required Courses: Elizabeth Campus Classes Call 908-659-5114 for questions/registration Plainfield Campus Classes Call 908-412-3557 for questions/registration Cost is $270 per course/three required courses per level/$810 total cost per level 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/job-connections-newsletter/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College OUR JOB CONNECTIONS NEWSLETTER IS PUBLISHED WEEKLY To submit listings for a job, recruitment event, a training program, employers please click here. To receive our weekly Job Connections newsletter in your email, click here. Weekly Job Listings / Current Job Opportunities: May 22, 2023 – May 26, 2023 May 1, 2023 – May 5, 2023 March 20, 2023 – March 24, 2023 February 20, 2023 – February 24, 2023 February 13, 2023 – February 17, 2023 February 06, 2023 – February 13, 2023 January 23, 2023 – January 27, 2023 January 09, 2023 – January 13, 2023 January 02, 2023 – January 06, 2023 December 05, 2022 – December 09, 2022 November 21, 2022 – November 25, 2022 November 7, 2022 – November 11, 2022 October 31, 2022 – November 4, 2022 October 3, 2022 – October 7, 2022 September 26, 2022 – September 30, 2022 September 19, 2022 – September 23, 2022 September 12, 2022 – September 16, 2022 August 19, 2022 – September 1, 2022 August 15, 2022 – August 19, 2022 July 25, 2022 – July 29, 2022 July 11, 2022 to July 14, 2022 June 27, 2022 to July 1, 2022 June 20, 2022 to June 25, 2022 June 6, 2022 to June 10, 2022 May 23, 2022 to May 27, 2022 May 16, 2022 to May 20, 2022 May 2, 2022 to May 6, 2022 April 18, 2022 to April 22, 2022 April 4, 2022 to April 8, 2022 March 21, 2022 to March 25, 2022 March 7, 2022 to March 11, 2022 February 28, 2022 to March 4, 2022 February 14, 2022 to February 18, 2022 January 31, 2022 to February 4, 2022 January 17, 2022 to January 21, 2022 December 20, 2021 to December 31, 2021 November 22, 2021 to November 26, 2021 November 1, 2021 to November 5, 2021 October 18, 2021 to October 22, 2021 October 4, 2021 to October 7, 2021 September 20, 2021 to September 24, 2021 September 6, 2021 to September 10, 2021 August 30, 2021 to September 3, 2021 August 23, 2021 to August 27, 2021 August 9, 2021 to August 13, 2021 August 2, 2021 to August 06, 2021 July 19, 2021 to July 23, 2021 July 12, 2021 to July 16, 2021 June 28, 2021 to July 2, 2021 June 21, 2021 to June 25, 2021 June 14, 2021 to June 18, 2021 May 31, 2021 to June 4, 2021 May 24, 2021 to May 28, 2021 May 17, 2021 to May 21, 2021 May 10, 2021 to May 14, 2021 April 26, 2021 to April 30, 2021 April 19, 2021 to April 23, 2021 March 22, 2021 to March 26, 2021 March 1, 2021 to March 5, 2021 February 8, 2021 to February 12, 2021 February 1, 2021 to February 5, 2021 January 11, 2021 to January 15, 2021 December 18, 2020 to December 25, 2020 November 30, 2020 to December 06, 2020 November 23, 2020 to November 29, 2020 November 16, 2020 to November 22, 2020 November 9, 2020 to November 16, 2020 November 2, 2020 to November 8, 2020 October 19, 2020 to October 25, 2020 October 12, 2020 to October 18, 2020 October 05, 2020 to October 11, 2020 September 28, 2020 to October 4, 2020 September 21, 2020 to September 27, 2020 September 14, 2020 to September 20, 2020 September 7, 2020 to September 13, 2020 August 31, 2020 to September 06, 2020 August 24, 2020 to August 30, 2020 August 17, 2020 to August 23, 2020 August 10, 2020 to August 16, 2020 August 03, 2020 to August 09, 2020 July 27, 2020 to August 03, 2020 July 20, 2020 to July 26, 2020 July 13, 2020 to July 19, 2020 June 29, 2020 to July 05, 2020 June 22, 2020 to June 29, 2020 March 16, 2020 to March 22, 2020 March 9, 2020 to March 15, 2020 March 02, 2020 to March 08, 2020 February 24, 2020 to March 01, 2020 February 17, 2020 to February 23, 2020 February 10, 2020 to February 16, 2020 February 3, 2020 to February 9, 2020 January 27, 2020 to February 2, 2020 January 13, 2020 to January 19, 2020 January 6, 2020 to January 12, 2020 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/job-development-department/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Job Development Department The Center for Economic and Workforce Development (CEWD) Job Development Staff is responsible for providing career advisement to students and connecting them to employment.  The CEWD Job Developer’s role includes providing career assessments so that students can develop educational and career plans based on their interests, academic levels and employment history.  During the career assessment, the use of applications, such as O*net and NJCAN, help students complete a career survey.  Recently, we incorporated NJ Career Connections into our curriculum and individual counseling sessions. Employer Partnerships Employer partnerships are key to the success of our Job Developers who continually reach out to local employers to identify open positions for CEWD students in our Occupational and Basic Adult Education Training programs where they earn industry-recognized credentials in a number of professions. Contact our Job Development Team at 908-659-5105: Contact Katrina James-Pellam Submit Open Jobs to our team here. CEWD Job Development workshops include: Creating and modifying resume/cover letters Strengthening interview skills follow up with recording mock interviews Creating LinkedIn accounts and the use of LinkedIn as a tool for networking Learning the importance of networking and marketing their skills Dressing for success Job and Career Fairs Developing short-term and long-term goals Using Internet Search Engines 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/center-for-economic-and-workforce-development/resources-for-job-seekers/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College’s Center for Economic and Workforce development offers the following training programs: Fundamentals of Supply Chain Management Program: This program provides training leading to certification by the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP). It is designed for the person who has some work experience , and prepares for entry level positions in the transportation, logistics and distribution industry. It includes four modules plus job search and workplace skills training. The program is 180 hours long. Job development and counseling are also provided. Program Includes: Total Hours: 180 Hours Patient Care Technician The Patient Care Technician plays a key role in any health care facility. Patient Care Technicians are authorized to administer basic medical care to patients. Multi-skilled Patient Care Technicians will provide quality care to patients by assisting with ADLs (activities of daily living), taking vital signs, assisting with medical examinations and treatment. Additional responsibilities of the PCT may include EKG and phlebotomy. In this course students will learn collaboration and patient management processes, body mechanics, vital signs, ambulatory care and patient positioning for treatment and rehabilitation. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 312 hours Administrative Assistant: This program provides training in the use of current software employed in today’s modern office. The student will receive instruction and gain proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel and MS Outlook. This course is designed for the person who has some computer proficiency and has typing skills and some work experience. Center for Economic & Workforce Development programs provide computer assisted instruction to give students an opportunity to reinforce new computer skills and to review class work. Counseling and job development are also provided. A certificate is issued upon completion of the program and meeting the attendance requirements. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 315 hours Accounting Technician: This program prepares the student for an entry level position in the accounting field. This program will provide instruction in financial language, preparation of journals, ledgers, and the financial statements. All areas of instruction will also be implemented by use of computerized accounting software. Center for Economic & Workforce Development programs provide computer assisted instruction to give students an opportunity to reinforce new computer skills and to review class work. Counseling and job development are also provided. A certificate is issued upon completing the program and meeting the attendance requirements. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 315 hours Computerized Office Skills: This program provides training in the use of current software employed in today’s modern office. In this program, the person with little or no computer proficiency or work experience will become adept with the applications most utilized in office operations in today’s world. The student will receive computer assisted instruction and gain proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel and MS Outlook. Counseling and job development are also provided. A certificate is issued upon completion of the program and meeting the attendance requirements. Program Includes: Certifications: Total Hours: 315 hours Pharmacy Technician:
The Pharmacy Technician program prepares students for jobs in the allied health field where they will be skilled to work under the supervision of a licensed Pharmacist. Pharmacy Technicians assist in dispensing prescriptions in retail and private pharmacies.
Program Includes: Deleted: Certifications: Total Hours: 135 hours 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College In an effort to help students take full advantage of their college experience, there are many opportunities for students to get involved. Whether it is in Student Government, student activities and clubs, or varsity sports, these opportunities assists students in developing leadership skills, lifelong friendships, and meaningful connections with others on campus. 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/advising-career-and-transfer/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Staff contact information, photos, and profiles are available below! Click Here for Our Hours Remote Student Services Center:To access remote services, click here. Extended hours offered during January and August: please check www.ucc.edu calendar for up to date information. Where we are located: Cranford Campus: Student Development Building, 1st FloorElizabeth Campus: Lessner Building, 1st  FloorPlainfield Campus: Logos Building, 1st Floor We assist students with the following: Not sure who your advisor is? Log into your Self Service account, click on “Student Planning”, then “Go to Plan & Schedule” and lastly click on the “Advising” tab. Interested in learning more about your major and potential salary earnings? Click here to review, by major our different academic maps Visit our Degrees, Certificates and Classes site and become familiar with your major and course requirements. Need Career Advisement? Deciding on a major and a career can be a daunting process, but you don’t have to do it alone!  Our Career Services staff is here to assist you in all areas of your career exploration, career planning, and job or internship search.  Career Services offerings include, but are not limited to: For additional information and contact information, visit the Career Services page Parental Roles in College:Parents are accustomed to playing an active role in their student’s education. In a college setting the roles change tremendously because the student has entered a post secondary education. A college student is considered an adult in the eyes of the law. Parents are welcome to accompany the student when meeting with the Advisor if they are invited by the student. Please note, by law (FERPA- Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) we need the approval from the student to release any information to the parents. Questions? Please contact us at advising@ucc.edu 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/academicmaps/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Explore academic programs, action steps, and career and transfer information. Allied Sciences Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in health care professions such as ASL, EMT, Nursing, Physical Therapist Assistant, Psychosocial Rehabilitation, Radiography, Sonography and more! Business Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Accounting, Business, Supply Chain Management, Public Administration, Sport Management, and Hotel Restaurant and Tourism. Civil Service and Paralegal Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Criminal Justice, Fire Science Technology and Paralegal Studies. Exploratory Degrees and Certificates Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Liberal Arts and Liberal Studies. Beneficial for students to obtain an overview of various disciplines and lays foundation for many programs. Humanities Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in English, Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, Media, Graphic Design, Theater and Visual Arts. Social Sciences, History and Education Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Psychology, Sociology, Social Services, History, Education and Early Childhood Education. Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Biology, Chemistry, Mathematics, Cybersecurity, Engineering, Automotive Technology, Computer Science, and Photovoltaic. 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/career-center/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Career Services is a part of the Advising, Career, & Transfer (ACT) department at Union College. We provide career assessments, internship & employment guidance & postings, and workshops and services to students and alumni of Union College, residents of Union County, and businesses within the county and beyond. Career Services is available to students on all three campuses, and we are accessible remotely. You can reach us at careerservices@ucc.edu or email Dominique Maynard directly. A sample of services provided for students, alumni, and Union County residents include: 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/disability-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to providing an inclusive educational experience for students with disabilities. Disability Support Services (DSS) are designed to assist students with documented disabilities. The goal is to ensure that each Union College student is provided equal access to the College’s academic programs, activities, and awards without discrimination on the basis of a disabling condition.  Students who have documented disabilities may receive help with the following: Student support services at Union do not include the following: When should I submit the accommodation request? As early as possible! Accommodation requests should to be made before the beginning of each semester to ensure full use of accommodations for the entire semester as Accommodations are not retroactive. Students are eligible to submit the disability services as soon as they are accepted to Union. 1. Assemble Supporting Documentation (Downloadable Word and PDF documents)  The online application requires students to submit documentation of their disability. Documentation must be current (generally within the last 3 years). Make sure you review the above links before uploading your documentation to the the online application. 2. Complete the Disability Services Application (Online Form) All students desiring Disability Support Services must submit the online application via the above link. 3. Meet with a DSS Coordinator to Determine Eligibility   Once documentation is reviewed the student will be asked to schedule a meeting with the DSS Coordinator to discuss accommodation needs.  Accommodations are based solely on the documentation and student interview. No accommodation request is official until the Accommodation Alert Form is provided to the professor. Union College adheres to the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, including the recent Amendments, and Section 504 of the Vocational Rehabilitation Act of 1973 which prohibit discrimination on the basis of disability. A student with a disability who believes they has been a victim of discrimination should refer to the Grievance Procedure for Students published in the Union College Student Handbook for resolution of the grievance/concern. Staff Address Office of Disability Support ServicesStudent Development Building, Room SD-1151033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ 07016 Office Phone and Email 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/educational-opportunity-fund/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College What is the Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF) Program?For over 50 years, the EOF program has provided students from educationally and economically disadvantaged backgrounds an opportunity to pursue a college degree.  Created by statute in 1968, EOF has provided academic, financial, and social support to thousands of students.  The Program is geared toward students who: For more general information about the State of New Jersey Department of Higher Education Educational Opportunity Fund program, please visit the official state website at: https://www.nj.gov/highereducation/EOF/ Services and Benefits to Students How can I apply? Applying for the Fall or Spring Semester Pending overall program space availability, applications will be available at the beginning of the Fall Semester for EOF Transfer Students. Currently enrolled Union College students and first-time college students who did not attend an EOF Summer Program Session. To complete an EOF Academic Year application, please click here. Applying for the EOF Summer Program Priority for acceptance into the EOF program is given to first-time, full-time college students who attend an EOF Summer Program session. Space in EOF and each session is limited, so interested students are encouraged to apply as soon as possible. For more information about the EOF Summer Program, please click here. Educational Opportunity Fund Program1033 Springfield AvenueCranford, NJ, 07016 Phone: 908-709-7088Email: eof@ucc.edu 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/graduation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College You’ve worked hard to achieve academic success! You’ve rearranged schedules, balanced family and job responsibilities. It’s time to apply for graduation and attend the commencement ceremony! If you plan to transfer to an in-state four-year college, completing your Associate’s Degree improves the transferability of your credits you have earned at Union College. In order to confirm you are ready to graduate, visit one of our Student Services Centers to meet with an advisor to complete a degree audit. Contact the Graduation team if you have any questions: 
https://www.ucc.edu/nso
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College New Student Orientation (NSO) at Union College is for all first-time, full-time students entering the College during the Fall or Spring semester. At NSO, students will learn how to set up college email, navigate our systems, meet with an academic advisor, and register for courses.  Attending these sessions will help you build a solid foundation of student success. Part time students are encouraged to attend New Student Orientation. Questions? Please contact us at orientation@ucc.edu High School New Student Orientation Dates: In-Person Orientations  Please arrive at the event start time! If you cannot attend an In-person Owl Orientation, please utilize our Virtual Owl Orientation. We have provided you with a virtual experience where you can gain more knowledge about the resources that Union College has to offer, while learning how to navigate through the various portals. Please click on the link below to access and complete the Virtual Owl Orientation (Your OKTA account must set-up to access). View Virtual Student Orientation 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Student Services Centers are available on all Union College campuses and offer you the flexibility of taking care of all of your college needs in one place! Each will offer you a wide variety of services for new, returning and continuing students. Quick questions? “Knock” on the door of one of the Student Services Associates below. If you want to chat with an advisor, click below. Office Hours (Fall – Spring) Office Hours (Summer) Have questions about the following areas? Click below. One Stop Operations 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/student-services/testing/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Please email testingcenter@ucc.edu or call 908-709-7486 with any questions you may have regarding the Directed Self-Placement processes or ESL testing. Cranford CampusStudent Service Center SD1301033 Springfield Ave.Cranford, NJ908-709-7486 Monday – Friday   8:30am – 4:30pm Elizabeth CampusStudent Services Center L12240 W. Jersey StreetElizabeth, NJ 07202908-709-7486 Monday – Friday 8:30am – 4:30pm The College offers the Directed Self-Placement (DSP) Test to ensure you are properly placed into English and Math courses. If you do not qualify for one of our exemptions, you must complete one of our placement tests before enrolling in classes.Directed Self-Placement Testing Page The English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESL) Test is designed to measure the English skills of non-native English speakers. If English is not your first language, you may need to take the ESL test.ESL Testing Page The College offers the College Level Examination Program (CLEP) Test for certain subjects. By taking the CLEP exam, you may earn college credits. This is an excellent way to get closer to your degree in a timely and cost-effective manner.CLEP Testing Page In the state of NJ there are two types of High School Equivalency Assessments: GED and HiSET. Union College administers the HiSET High School Equivalency Assessment offered through ETS* in ENGLISH only.HiSET Testing Page Contact Union College Disability ServicesIf you require any special accommodations in education, you may request such accommodations by contacting the Coordinator of Disability Support Services.Disability Services Page Contact the Union College Testing CenterCall Testing Center Main Phone: 908-709-7486Email testingcenter@ucc.edu 
https://www.unionowls.com/landing/index
 
Union College 1033 Springfield Ave. Cranford, NJ 07016 Tel: (908) 709-7094 Fax: (908) 709-7097Privacy Policy
 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/college-life/campus-recreation-fitness/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The fitness center is only open to currently enrolled students, faculty, and staff. You do not have to make an appointment to use the fitness center, walk-ins are welcomed. View Fitness Center Page with Hours of Operation Fitness Center The Fitness Center is located on the 2nd floor of the Campus Center on the Cranford Campus. All current students are encouraged to utilize the newly renovated facility. To enter the Fitness Center all current students MUST have a student ID with a current semester sticker. All members must also fill out a waiver form to be kept on file and create a fitness center account to enter and exit each visit. Location Union College, Cranford Campus, Second floor of the Campus Center building.   Equipment Available Intramurals Program All current students are eligible to participate in intramurals sports and events.  All students must produce a current ID with a semester sticker to participate. Intramural sports offered but not limited to: basketball, indoor soccer, volleyball, dodgeball, whiffle ball and flag football.  You can participate in intramurals on the Cranford or Elizabeth campuses; just come and have fun. YMCA For students in the Elizabeth campus, the YMCA is available to those students free of cost.  All current students must show a current schedule and ID to the YMCA and create an account.  Memberships are only valid for each semester.  ID and schedule must be shown to renew your account. For more information on Athletics, Intramurals, and fitness visit the Athletic website here. Follow Athletics on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter @UnionOwls. 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/college-life/student-clubs/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Clubs and Organizations
Student clubs and organizations are a fun and vital part of the Union College experience and are designed to serve the diverse needs and interests of our students. Engaging in a club or organization is an important way of developing leadership skills, forming friendships, cultural expression, skill development or aiding you in your future career. Student Government Association sponsors all student club and organization activities to full-time and part-time students. All students are encouraged to participate in the activities and events offered on the Cranford, Elizabeth, and Plainfield Campuses. Categories of Clubs 
https://www.ucc.edu/events/category/collegelife
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/bookstore
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The Campus Bookstores are your number one source for all your college shopping needs. The stores have everything you need to succeed: new, used, rental and digital course materials, plus a large assortment of school supplies, backpacks, technology, and more. You can also get Owl’s gear and snacks! Financial aid accepted as payment. Contact store for details. How do I purchase my course materials? In person You may purchase your books in-person at any of the campus bookstores. Please note that books are only available at the campus where the class is being held.On the Web Order online at the following web sites for delivery or in-store pick-up. Financial aid available online during the book allowance dates. Questions? Please contact the Cranford Campus Bookstore at (908) 709-7619 or the Elizabeth Campus Bookstore at (908) 965-6068. 
https://www.ucc.edu/library/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/union-county-college-foundation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union County College Foundation The Union County College Foundation was established in 1977 with the mission of supporting the educational needs of Union College students by providing resources not available through public funding. Foundation dollars provide support for scholarships, equipment, facilities, academic programs and special projects. Union County College Foundation
1033 Springfield Avenue
Cranford, NJ 07016 Hours:
Monday – Friday
8:30am to 4:30pm
(908) 709-7505 View Douglas Rouse Contact Info View Brittney Mack Contact Info View Kaitlyn Veliz Contact Info 
https://www.ucc.edu/union-county-college-foundation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union County College Foundation The Union County College Foundation was established in 1977 with the mission of supporting the educational needs of Union College students by providing resources not available through public funding. Foundation dollars provide support for scholarships, equipment, facilities, academic programs and special projects. Union County College Foundation
1033 Springfield Avenue
Cranford, NJ 07016 Hours:
Monday – Friday
8:30am to 4:30pm
(908) 709-7505 View Douglas Rouse Contact Info View Brittney Mack Contact Info View Kaitlyn Veliz Contact Info 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/44340128@N03/albums
 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 119 Followers•0 Following 33,944 Photos Joined 2009 Drag to set position! This site uses cookies to improve your experience and to help show content that is more relevant to your interests. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies by Flickr and our partners as described in our cookie policy. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/register
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Registration Opens March 6th, 2023! Browse Courses How to Register Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Current Students can Register via Self-Service If you haven’t attended classes at Union (for 2 or more semesters) and want to become an owl again, welcome back! Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Are you planning on transferring to Union? Transfer Students must follow the Transfer Student Application Guide Are you attending another school but want to take classes at Union? Visiting Students must follow the Visiting Student Application Guide How to Pay & Financial Aid Visit the “Paying for College & Financial Aid” Webpage for policies regarding payments, dropping courses, and refunds. Questions? Registration Opens March 20th, 2023! Browse Courses How to Register Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Current Students can Register via Self-Service If you haven’t attended classes at Union (for 2 or more semesters) and want to become an owl again, welcome back! Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Are you planning on transferring to Union? Transfer Students must follow the Transfer Student Application Guide How to Pay & Financial Aid Visit the “Paying for College & Financial Aid” Webpage for policies regarding payments, dropping courses, and refunds. Questions? Registration Opens October 23rd, 2023! Browse Courses How to Register Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Current Students can Register via Self-Service If you haven’t attended classes at Union (for 2 or more semesters) and want to become an owl again, welcome back! Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Are you planning on transferring to Union? Transfer Students must follow the Transfer Student Application Guide Are you attending another school but want to take classes at Union? Visiting Students must follow the Visiting Student Application Guide How to Pay & Financial Aid Visit the “Paying for College & Financial Aid” Webpage for policies regarding payments, dropping courses, and refunds. Questions? Registration Opens November 6th, 2023! Browse Courses How to Register Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Current Students can Register via Self-Service If you haven’t attended classes at Union (for 2 or more semesters) and want to become an owl again, welcome back! Prospective Students must first Apply to Union Accepted Students should Sign up for Orientation Accepted Students can Register via Self-Service Are you planning on transferring to Union? Transfer Students must follow the Transfer Student Application Guide How to Pay & Financial Aid Visit the “Paying for College & Financial Aid” Webpage for policies regarding payments, dropping courses, and refunds. Questions? 
https://www.ucc.edu/tuitionfree
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Upcoming Event: June 8th Open House The Community College Opportunity Grant (CCOG) pays for the cost of tuition and approved educational fees that other grants do not cover. Students attending Union College who have completed their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) prior to the deadline will be automatically considered for eligibility for Tuition Free / CCOG funding. There is no separate application. Am I eligible for Tuition Free funding? Our advisers are ready to answer all your eligibility questions! Requirements at a Glance Additional Information / Más Información Can I get a 4-year college degree tuition-free? The NJ Community College Opportunity Grant (CCOG), when followed by the State-funded Garden State Guarantee (GSG) program, will provide eligible community college students the opportunity to earn both Associate degrees AND Bachelor’s degrees tuition-free. More info:  NJ College Promise (hesaa.org) Tuition Free VideoClick “CC” to view the Video with either English or Spanish Subtitles Your browser does not support this video. 
https://www.ucc.edu/remote/
 Student services representatives are ready to respond to all prospective and current student questions via a chat and video call. Do you have a quick question?Click here to send us a text at: 1-908-975-1485(Advisors are available to respond to texts during normal RSS hours, hours of operation listed below.) Remote Student Services Hours (Generally) How calls work  Questions about enrollment or course registration?We’ve got answers!  
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/nso
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College New Student Orientation (NSO) at Union College is for all first-time, full-time students entering the College during the Fall or Spring semester. At NSO, students will learn how to set up college email, navigate our systems, meet with an academic advisor, and register for courses.  Attending these sessions will help you build a solid foundation of student success. Part time students are encouraged to attend New Student Orientation. Questions? Please contact us at orientation@ucc.edu High School New Student Orientation Dates: In-Person Orientations  Please arrive at the event start time! If you cannot attend an In-person Owl Orientation, please utilize our Virtual Owl Orientation. We have provided you with a virtual experience where you can gain more knowledge about the resources that Union College has to offer, while learning how to navigate through the various portals. Please click on the link below to access and complete the Virtual Owl Orientation (Your OKTA account must set-up to access). View Virtual Student Orientation 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/admissions-process/visiting-students/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College We welcome Visiting Students to Union College To view course availability, click here. Click on “Advanced Search” and search for your course! Here are the steps to apply and register as a Visiting Student: Please note: when creating your account to complete your online application you may not use another college’s email address. For new applicants: Your application will be processed in minutes – you will receive an email with your student ID number as well as your user name and password. If you have additional questions, contact studentservices@ucc.edu or visit a Student Services Center in Cranford, Elizabeth, or Plainfield. Student Services Centers on all campuses are open Monday – Thursday: 8:30 am – 7:30 pm, Friday: 8:30 am – 4:30 pm Cranford Campus: 1033 Springfield Avenue, Student Development Building, 1st FloorElizabeth Campus: 12 W. Jersey Street, Lessner Building, 1st FloorPlainfield Campus: 232 E. 2nd Street, Logos Building, 1st Floor 
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/academicmaps/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Explore academic programs, action steps, and career and transfer information. Allied Sciences Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in health care professions such as ASL, EMT, Nursing, Physical Therapist Assistant, Psychosocial Rehabilitation, Radiography, Sonography and more! Business Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Accounting, Business, Supply Chain Management, Public Administration, Sport Management, and Hotel Restaurant and Tourism. Civil Service and Paralegal Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Criminal Justice, Fire Science Technology and Paralegal Studies. Exploratory Degrees and Certificates Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Liberal Arts and Liberal Studies. Beneficial for students to obtain an overview of various disciplines and lays foundation for many programs. Humanities Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in English, Communications, Journalism, Public Relations, Media, Graphic Design, Theater and Visual Arts. Social Sciences, History and Education Programs Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Psychology, Sociology, Social Services, History, Education and Early Childhood Education. Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Explore programs and certificates, semester action steps, and career and transfer information in Biology, Chemistry, Mathematics, Cybersecurity, Engineering, Automotive Technology, Computer Science, and Photovoltaic. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/visit-campus/tours/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Explore Campuses Union has campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield, and Scotch Plains, New Jersey. The following events are In-Person Tours & Info Sessions for prospective students held on Union College’s Cranford Campus. Owl Info Sessions Join us for an “Owl Info Day!” Learn about Union College’s Academic programs, student life, and application process. Owl Info Session with The Office of College LifeWednesday, April 12, 20233:30 PM – 4:30 PM Come meet with an Admissions Counselor and The Office of College Life to hear all about Union College and our clubs and orgs! Owl Info Session with Summer College ProgramWednesday, May 24, 20234:00 PM – 5:00 PM Come meet with an Admissions Counselor and our Dual Enrollment Coordinator to learn more about Union College and our Summer College Program for rising Juniors and Seniors in high school! Tour Tuesdays Join us for a tour of our Cranford Campus! Take a Virtual Tour! Navigating the Virtual Tour Clicking “Start Virtual Experience” will bring you into a 3D tour of Union College. You can jump between tour stops as quick as a click! Tour Stops 
https://www.ucc.edu/unionbooksubscription/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College we are always looking for ways to improve student access, success, and innovation. That is why we have partnered with Cengage to provide your course materials via a digital book subscription beginning in Fall 2019. Students enrolled in a Cengage Unlimited book subscription program will benefit with electronic access from any device when fall classes start to all, or most, of the required course materials for an affordable price of $140 for a whole year! You will also have unlimited access to over 22,000-course materials in their library. You can access your digital materials from nearly 2000 computers across our campuses whenever the College is open.  CENGAGE Tech Support The Cengage Unlimited student support team delivers answers and advice via 24/7 live phone and chat support. If you have questions, please contact Cengage directly. Cengage Contact Info & Guide HOW WILL YOU GET ACCESS? You will access Cengage Unlimited through your class’s Canvas course at the start of the term. Once the term begins, you will: Go to Your Class’s Canvas Course  >> Click Modules on the Course Navigation strip >> Click the Cengage Link >> Sign In or Sign Up with Cengage  >> You’re All Set! You now have full access to Cengage Unlimited. You will access Cengage Unlimited through your class’ Canvas course shell. To begin you will: Go to Your Class’s Canvas Course  >> Click the Cengage Link  >> Sign In or Sign Up with Cengage  >> You’re All Set! You now have full access to Cengage Unlimited. LOOKING FOR MORE INFORMATION? Additional Student Getting Started Materials and specific details on Union College courses using Cengage Unlimited will be available over the coming weeks.    If you have general questions about the materials required for your classes reach out to the instructor teaching the class or the Dean of the Division.    CENGAGE UNLIMTED STUDENT SUPPORT The Cengage Unlimited student support team delivers answers and advice via 24/7 live phone and chat support. If you have questions, please let us know! Email Us Anytime CUIescalations@cengage.com Call Us Anytime 1-800-354-9706   
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/visit-campus/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome! Union offers multiple methods for you to explore our offerings and contact us. Contact Union by Phone Start Virtual Chat Not sure whom to contact? Call 908-709-7000 or start a video chat for any general inquiries. We look forward to helping you. Employee and Department Contact info: Contact a Student Services Representative The Student Services team is now also accessible via video call! If you can’t make it to the student services center, current and prospective students are encouraged to reach out via Remote Student Services. Explore Campuses Union has campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield, and Scotch Plains, New Jersey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Students Must Submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) DACA/Undocumented Check the status of submitted documents Please visit Self-Service to see the status of submitted documents.
                    All documents are reviewed within 7 to 10 business days. If the document shows “Received”, your
                    document is pending review by your Financial Aid Counselor. If the document shows “Incomplete”
                    or “Additional Information”, note the reasoning in bold and resubmit with corrections. Submit requested documents to the Financial Aid Office When you check to see that your FAFSA was received, you may also notice that some other documents
                    are in a “Missing” or “Incomplete” status. Please submit all required documents using the secure
                    link found on the Forms and Worksheets page. If you receive any requests via email or through the mail from the New Jersey Higher Education
                    Student Assistance Authority (HESAA), please comply with those requests. You must submit all
                    documents that they request to be eligible for any state aid including Tuition Aid Grant (TAG),
                    Educational Opportunity Fund (EOF), Community College Opportunity Grant (CCOG), and NJ STARS.
                 Review your financial aid award The Financial Aid Office does not make tentative awards. You will not be awarded any federal or
                    state financial aid (including grants and loans) until all required documents have been
                    reviewed. Once your documents have been reviewed, you will see your financial aid award in Self-Service. You can view your financial aid award amounts
                    for the entire academic year or for a single term. If your documents have been reviewed and you do not see a financial aid award, it is because you
                    are not eligible for grants. You may still be eligible for student loans and scholarships.
                    Information about how student loans work and how to request one can be found on our Loans page. Information about how scholarships work and how to
                    apply for one can be found on our Scholarships page. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/tuition-and-fees/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Questions?– View College Payment and Refund Policies Page– Email StudentAccountsOffice@ucc.edu including your name and College ID number. Tuition & Fees, Fall 2022 – Summer 2023 – View 2022 – 2023 Tuition and Fees  Tuition & Fees, Fall 2023 – Summer 2024 Part Time(Less than 12 credit hours per semester) Full Time(12-18 credit hours per semester) Beyond Full Time(More than 18 credit hours per semester) American Success Program (for International students) Tuition charges will be computed based on a student’s residency on record on the first day of a semester: Residency is defined as the place where a person has his or her true, fixed, permanent home and principal establishment, and to which, whenever he or she is absent, he or she has the intention of returning. (Board Resolution E014-022 – NJ Admin Code 9A:5-2.1) Nursing Clinical Fees – per credit hour Nursing Fees – other For specialty textbooks, technology, supplies and other essential course materials not covered by Union’s Book Subscription Program, eligible students are able to use the Book Allowance program at the Campus Bookstore. This calculator is intended to provide estimated net price information (defined as estimated cost of attendance – including tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board (meals), and other related expenses – minus estimated grant and scholarship aid) to current and prospective students and their families based on what similar students paid in a previous year. Access Net Price Calculator Tool The College Financing Plan within Self-Service is a consumer tool that Union College uses to notify students about their financial aid package. It is designed to simplify the information that prospective students receive about costs and financial aid so that they can easily compare institutions and make informed decisions about where to attend school. Access College Financing Plan Tool in Self-Service The College is required by the federal government to derive a Cost of Attendance (COA) for several categories of students. These COAs are used to determine the eligibility for financial aid. The COA represents direct costs, like tuition and fees that you pay directly to the College, and indirect costs, like transportation for going to and from class. The COA is an estimate of these charges, based on an average for this area, and will likely vary from your actual costs in each category. The COA is different for different groups of students and may vary depending on how many credits you are taking, if you live in or out of county, if you live at home or have your own place, etc. If you are enrolled less than half-time, your cost of attendance for financial aid cannot include room and board or miscellaneous expenses. Below are some examples of COA for Full-Time and Part-Time students: In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus In-County and Lives with Parent In-County and Lives Off Campus Out-of-County and Lives with Parent Out-Of-County and Lives Off Campus 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/scholarships/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College offers a wide variety of scholarships to help our students achieve their educational goals. Scholarships are a form of financial aid that does not have to be repaid. We have more than 200 scholarships available to students every year. Each scholarship has different award requirements such as major, GPA, high school, city, community service and other specific criteria. Scholarships are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. Applying for ScholarshipsVisit the UCC Scholarship Website in order to see which scholarships are available! American Rescue Plan (ARP/HEERF III Grant)The ARP/HEERF III Grant provides money to colleges and universities for emergency student grants. The purpose of the money is to award emergency financial aid grants to students for specific expenses that are a direct result of the disruption of campus operations due to the coronavirus. Visit ucc.edu/covid19relief for Covid-19 Relief Funding Application Instructions Scholarship RequirementsMany scholarships require that you complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) in order to be eligible. You can complete your FAFSA at www.fafsa.gov Your scholarship application will not be reviewed until you have first been evaluated for all federal and state grants. If you have already submitted a Union College Scholarship Application, you do not have to submit it again. Your application will remain in consideration for any new or un-awarded scholarships for the full Academic Year. Important considerations when applying for a scholarship are as follows.You must: Scholarships for Union College Students Access your Union College Online Scholarship Application Here 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/financial-aid-tv/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Click Here to View Financial Aid TV Videos 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/paying-for-college/forms-and-worksheets/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Here you can find both important Financial Aid & Student Account Forms. Video Guides to Filling out AssureSign online forms. The majority of forms linked on this page can be completed entirely in your browser!See how easy the process is by watching the video guides below. Financial Aid Document Upload Form This form allows students to securely upload any of the following documents such as Tax Returns, Selective Service Registration, Citizenship or Permanent Residency Records, High School Diploma or GED, Driver’s license, along with other documentation that does not fit into another category. Satisfactory Academic Progress (SAP) Appeal Process 2023-2024 Academic Year Forms 2022-2023 Academic Year Forms  
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/american-honors/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College The American Honors Program helps students earn bachelor’s degrees from great schools. American Honors is for high achieving, academically motivated students who attend and graduate from Union College and then transfer to a four-year institution. Students who are accepted into the American Honors program will have access to small class sizes under 20 students, classes taught by full-time faculty members, professional academic advising, transfer support, admission to numerous seminars and workshops, and access to the Honors lounge! Contact American Honors honors@ucc.edu
 (908) 497-4394 Honors classes are small, seminar style classes that promote student engagement. Classes are limited to 20 students and are taught by the College’s most distinguished faculty. Honors classes focus on a learner centered pedagogy, enhancing critical thinking and inquiry. Honors students have a dedicated academic specialist who provides personalized advisement and helps support their success. The academic specialist guides their students with registration through graduation, campus resources, and transfer. The Honors Lounge serves as the center of the Honors program. Students meet here for study sessions, game nights, meetings, and events. Workshops, social events, alumni transfer panels, and faculty meet and greets are just a few ways that students can build relationships with faculty and peers. American Honors students… For full consideration, apply by August 15th for the Fall semester or by December 15th for the Spring semester. While completing the application to attend Union College, make sure you answer “Yes” to the question asking if you are interested in the American Honors program. After you complete the main Union College Application, you will automatically be provided access to apply for the supplemental American Honors application. Our program strives to recruit the best and brightest students. Your story and strong academic background are crucial aspects we use to evaluate your application.  The admissions process consists of submitting a completed application, all education transcripts, test scores, and possible interview in which the Admissions Committee will then consider all aspects in a timely matter before the admissions decision is relayed to the applicant. This process could take up to several weeks and we appreciate your patience. Meet the Honors Faculty! “The American Honors program provided me with an environment to grow as a student and a person!” “The American Honors program helped me greatly when it came to the transition from high school to college. College can be a stressful experience, but because of American Honors and the amazing advisors, I enjoyed studying here.” “American Honors is a community full of motivated individuals that push you to succeed.” 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics/online-learning/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College At Union College, students have an opportunity to take online courses or earn a degree fully online. Online learning is flexible, learner-centered instruction that lets you learn at home or from almost anywhere. It is designed for students who need more flexibility than traditional classes offer. Online learning gives you the opportunity to earn college credit no matter where you are or what your busy life demands 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/apply
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Ready to apply?Visit Online Application Website: The above link will take you to the College’s Application Portal, where you can begin or resume your application to Union College. Need more Info? Already applied? Short answer is almost everyone! Submitting your Online Application to Union College is the first step for most first time prospective students. It’s also required for re-admitted students (previously admitted students who haven’t attended in 2 or more semesters). It is not required for non-credit continuing education students. For more details: View the enrollment steps for detailed instructions for your student type by clicking on the type of student that best describes you. Degree Programs Students are required to submit the following upon applying for admission to the college: Official Documents Should Be Mailed to the Following Address:Union CollegeOffice of Admissions1033 Springfield AveCranford, NJ 07016 It is recommended that applicants to all degree programs take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT). The SAT is a test given by collegeboard.com. Acceptance to Union College programs are not based on SAT scores. Certain SAT scores will exempt students from the placement test and may be required to qualify for selected scholarships at Union College. It is the student’s responsibility to register for the SAT exam and have the final scores provided to Union College. Students may visit www.collegeboard.com directly to review registration information. (Union College CEEB Code is 2921). * Candidates for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) programs are expected to have taken elementary and intermediate algebra, plane geometry, and pre-calculus. ** Optional for students entering programs other than liberal arts. *** Engineering and physical science students should include physics and chemistry; health technologies students include biology and chemistry. **** Chosen from foreign languages, social studies, science or mathematics. If a student does not have these high school units, non-credit prerequisite courses offered by the College may be required by the selected program of study. Admission to Health Sciences Programs Special Admissions Programs Testing and Placement The College Placement Test covers basic preparation in English and mathematics and is used to determine whether students are prepared for college-level course work. The results of the test will not affect admission to the College, but may indicate the need for required preparatory courses during the student’s first semester. You must have a College-wide identification number acquired by applying for admission and photo identification to enter the Academic Testing Center for testing. After admission to the College and before enrolling for classes, placement testing is mandatory to evaluate certain academic skills. This service assists the student in the transition from high school to college. A major goal of the College Placement Test is to identify and remedy weaknesses in reading, writing, and mathematics. Students whose native language is not English must take an English for Speakers of Other Languages test in lieu of the College Placement Test. Union College requires that the following students take the College Placement Test: International Students Applicants International students are welcome to apply at Union College. Students applying with a valid visa other than a student visa (F-1) must submit copies of the visa with the Union College application. Students applying for a student visa (F-1) must obtain an international student packet from the Admissions Office on any campus. Application for admission and all required documentation outlined in the student packet must be submitted in its entirety, by the deadline dates. Students currently in the United States with an F-1 Visa from another U.S. institution who wish to attend Union College must follow the same admissions procedure and will be required in addition to provide: No decision will be made until all documents are submitted to the international advisor. Approval of visa status is done through the U. S. Department of Homeland Security Office through Student Exchange Visitors Service and not through Union College. Students acceptance to the College will be based on Visa approval for all F-1 visa applicants. Effective fall 2016, Union College will implement an English Proficiency Requirement for applying for the Form I-20, Certificate of Eligibility for F-I Nonimmigrant Student Status. for prospective students applying from abroad who do not have English as their language, a satisfactory performance on the Test of English as Foreign Language (TOEFL) is required for applying for the Form I-20. A minimum TOEFL score of 30 on the Internet Based Test is required, or a minimum score of 380 on the Paper Based Test or 3.5 on the IELTS exam is required. Prospective students applying from abroad must submit an official TOEFL score report to the College. The test must have been taken within one year immediately preceding the requested semester of admission. To obtain information on taking the test, visit the following website http://www.toefl.org. The designated Institution code for Union College is 00264300. Applicants currently in the United States may take the Union College’s free ESL placement test administered on campus. All admitted students who have achieved the required TOEFL score may be required to complete the College’s ESL placement test after arriving on campus and before they enroll in their first semester at Union College. Advanced Degrees/College Graduates Applicants holding advanced degrees may be required to have an official transcript mailed to the Union College Admissions Office, Cranford Campus. Transfer Credit reviews may require an appointment during times of heavy registration. All transfer students must have an official transcript at the time of their review. Students producing evidence of earning advanced degrees from accredited U.S. or international institutions may be considered for placement testing exemption or transfer credit evaluation if requested. Applicants holding degrees equivalent to or at advanced levels from those offered at Union College will be reviewed under the same criteria. Students may not matriculate in the same program for which they currently hold an approved degree. Veterans Applicants Union College celebrates Veterans and encourages admissions and enrollment. Union College participates with the VA provisions of the Federal Laws which entitle veterans to educational benefits. The requirements and services provided for the various programs can be reviewed through the VA website www.gibill.va.gov. To be certified for VA educational assistance, students must apply to the College, matriculate in an eligible degree or certificate program and apply for veteran benefits; proof of VA benefits and documents may be required. Veterans must check in with the Admissions office located on all campuses before registering for classes to ensure all requirements are met. Bridge Program – Dual Enrollment High school juniors and seniors may apply for the Bridge Program to earn college credits while still in high school. Permission of their high school advisor and parent/guardian is required. Bridge applicants must have a ‘B’ high school average. Union College developmental placement testing is required. Bridge applicants must test out of all developmental courses to be eligible for registration. Acceptable SAT scores (see Placement Testing) will also exempt students from the college placement test requirement. Bridge Program applications are available in the high school guidance offices or the Recruitment and Admissions, Records, and Registration Offices on any campus. Students will be required to submit a Union College application for admission with the completed Bridge form. Acceptance will be based on the results from the placement test or SAT scores and submission of required documents. Dual/Joint Admissions Agreements Union College students who complete their associate degrees in designated programs and who fulfill all the necessary criteria of the dual admission program will be guaranteed admission as juniors to their choice of several undergraduate colleges/universities with which Union College has agreements. For more detailed information, see Dual Admissions Agreements, page 46. Readmission with Good Standing A student who has withdrawn from Union College in good standing and has left for a period of at least two consecutive semesters and seeks reinstatement need only to complete an application form. Students who withdraw and intend to re-register for the following semester need only fill out a registration form. When a student returns to Union College under the readmission category, the student must adhere to the program requirements in effect at the time of readmission. Registration Registration, the process by which an admitted student enrolls and completes payment for their tuition and fees, must be done each semester/session. The registered student receives or may acquire a class schedule and a paid receipt which will verify enrollment in the requested classes. New freshmen and current students who enroll have access to a member of the advising staff to assist in the scheduling and completion of the registration form. The advisor will assist the student with identifying the approved requirements of their program/major and assist students in the choice of electives. The process is followed each term thereafter, students submit their registrations for the next semester in accordance with Union College registration instructions. Online registration is available to most students and we recommend students take advantage of Web Services. It is the student’s responsibility to be aware of the registration, withdrawal refund policy, etc. and have knowledge of graduation requirements of his or her program, to select the correct courses, to accumulate the required number of credits, and to avoid duplication of subjects. A full-time student may carry a minimum of 12 credit hours. Students requesting registration for over 18 credit hours must see an academic advisor for approval. Students registering for over 21 credits must obtain approval from the appropriate Division Dean. Candidates may register at Union College as full-time students (12 or more credit hours) or as half-time (6-11 credit hours) or as less than half-time or part-time students (1-5 credit hours) each semester/session. Classes are available days, evenings, and weekends. A current student who wishes to change his/her curriculum must complete a program change form with an advisor and meet all requirements. New students wanting to matriculate (declare a major), and who have not done so at time of application submission must see an academic advisor. Students who, after having registered, decide not to attend before the beginning of the ensuing semester may drop or add courses through Web Services, or meet with an advisor to complete a drop/add form. All forms must be submitted to the Student Services Center on any of the campuses to be officially processed. Students dropping all courses, with no intentions of returning the following semester, must return any items that belong to the College (such as a current Union College identification card), to the Registration Office. Tuition refunds will be processed through the Student Accounts Office, if applicable. JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools’ students must consult with their school’s advisor for registration and schedule changes. Registration, drop/add, and withdrawals for all courses must take place through the JFK Medical Center Muhlenberg Harold B. & Dorothy A. Snyder Schools registration office. Practical Nursing and Allied Health students will receive specific information on the policies and procedures for registration, class schedule changes, and withdrawals. Union College/Rutgers SHRP students must meet with an admissions officer or advisor to discuss pre-requisite courses required for the program. Acceptance is based on approval by the Rutgers SHRP admission committee. Students who have not settled financial obligations incurred at the College will be prohibited from registering or receiving transcripts or final grades until outstanding debts are paid. There may be a fee incurred for switching sections. The College reserves the right to cancel any course where there is insufficient enrollment. 
https://www.ucc.edu/event/commencement/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Commencement
Wednesday, May 17, 2023
First Ceremony: 10:00 a.m.
Second Ceremony: 3:00 p.m.
Union College – Cranford Campus Click to View Larger FAQ PDF



 
https://www.ucc.edu/blog/2023/05/24/casting-call/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is is searching for students to be featured in the upcoming episode of The College Tour, an award-winning TV series.  Interested Union College Students can audition by sending us a short video telling us about yourself while showcasing your personality! We want to know your story and why you love your university.   Click the button to view and complete the audition requirements (Deadline is Sunday May 28th)  
https://www.ucc.edu/blog/2023/05/22/union-college-hosts-inaugural-business-pitch-competition/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College CRANFORD, NJ -Union College of Union County, New Jersey hosted its first Business Pitch Competition at the College’s Cranford Campus. More than twenty Union students submitted a business proposal for the competition, with eleven accepted to enter the main competition and pitch to the five judges. All Union students were welcomed to participate in the Pitch Competition. To qualify, students were required to attend workshops across an eight-week period. Students who attended at least 75% of the workshops received a stipend and a laptop. After students submitted proposals, a panel of faculty and academic specialists at Union reviewed the submissions and decided who would move on in the Pitch Competition. Eleven students were selected and pitched to the panel of five judges who work in the business industry. The judges included: Denise Fernandes, Director of Women Economic Forum for New Jersey 2023 and a Member of White House Initiative on Advancing Educational Equity Excellence and Economic Opportunity for Hispanics; Andrew Hurdle, Senior Product Portfolio Manager at Ansell Healthcare; Muhammad Khan, Principal Examiner with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; F. Jim Della Sala, Senior Vice President for Investors Bank and Union County College Foundation Board member; and Rory Wilson, Executive Relationship Manager at Discover. Judging criteria included the pitch’s economic potential, clear description and explanation of the business idea, the potential to attract investors, and more.    Nicholas Mont came out on top, winning first-place and a $6000 prize to advance his business concept. Mont’s winning pitch addressed the issue of food waste. His proposal was to dehydrate unused food to feed those in need with highly nutritious food. The slogan for his concept was, “dehydrated food is healthy, delicious, and a sustainable solution to end world hunger.” Union’s Bloomberg Business Club President Anais Santacruz earned a second-place finish and received $4000 for her idea of FleaCycle which was focused on recycled fashion. Tyler Farrar earned a third-place finish and received $2000 for his pitch to empower and financially educate youth worldwide with his concept of “money on the way.” Funding for this opportunity was provided by the Governor’s Emergency Education Relief Fund grant: Opportunity Meets Innovation Challenge (OMIC), which cultivates innovation, research, and talent.  “We are proud of these creative students who took the time to develop their business ideas. We are also grateful to receive an OMIC grant to further our student’s entrepreneurial dreams. Giving our students the opportunity to develop their businesses and receive feedback from real working professionals is something they can take with them as they continue to pursue their goals,” stated Union’s President Dr. Margaret M. McMenamin. The Pitch Competition was spearheaded by Dr. Donovan Smalls, Union’s Director of the Business Center. The Business Center, which features Bloomberg Terminals, benefits students majoring in business, business management, business marketing, accounting, supply chain management, blockchain, esports, sport management, and hotel, restaurant, and tourism management. For more information on the Business Center and the Pitch Competition, go to https://www.ucc.edu/business-center/ Union is a public, comprehensive community college that provides quality, affordable, accessible educational programs to the greater Union County region. It is the first of New Jersey’s 18 two-year colleges, serving both career-minded and transfer-oriented students since 1933. The College offers a wide variety of academic and extracurricular activities. Union provides many experiential learning opportunities such as access to a Bloomberg Business Center, Innovation Center, and Student Research hub. Additionally, students at Union attend one of the top 25 community colleges in the country for 2023 as designated by the Aspen Institute College Excellence Program. 
https://www.ucc.edu/blog/2023/05/22/union-college-celebrates-more-than-700-graduates-at-spring-commencement/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Cranford, NJ – Union College of Union County, New Jersey held its commencement ceremony for the class of 2023 on May 17 at the College’s Cranford Campus. Two ceremonies, which were led by Union’s President Dr. Margaret M. McMenamin, were held to honor the more than 700 graduates. The ceremonies began with the singing of the National Anthem, featuring two Union College 2023 graduates. The singer for the first ceremony was Gina Sanon, of Elizabeth, and Kiara Torres, of Union, sang for the following ceremony. Union’s Board of Trustees Chair Victor M. Richel welcomed the graduates and their families on behalf of the College’s Boards. Each commencement featured a student speaker to address their fellow graduates and the ceremony’s attendees. Kamia Boykin, of Linden, spoke at the first ceremony. She was a member of Phi Theta Kappa honor society and a student athlete. Boykin will attend Saint Peter’s University in the fall. The speaker at the second ceremony was Rachel De La Cruz, of Elizabeth. De La Cruz was an American Honors student, President of the American Honors Council, and spearheaded the creation of the Library Mailbox on the College’s Cranford Campus. De La Cruz confirmed that she will earn her bachelors degree from Amherst College. Several students were recognized for both their academic and extracurricular achievements. The Post-Day Memorial Award is given to the students that best exemplify the College’s ideals of scholarship, leadership, and service. At the first ceremony, the Post-Day Memorial Award was presented to Savayra Rao, who graduated with a 4.0 GPA and Krystal Villalobos, who graduated with a 3.8 GPA. Both Rao and Villalobos are from Elizabeth and will continue their education at Rutgers University. At the second ceremony, the Post-Day Memorial Award was presented to Rachel De La Cruz, who graduated with a 4.0 GPA and Matthew Lescano, of Union, who graduated with a 3.9 GPA. Lescano will transfer to Drew University this fall. The Alumni Prize was presented to the graduating student with the highest GPA at each ceremony. The recipient at the first ceremony was Sara Vera, of Elizabeth. She graduated with her associate degree in architecture and a 4.0 GPA. Vera also earned the Outstanding Achievement in Architecture Award, presented at Union’s Awards Night. She will continue her studies at New Jersey Institute of Technology. The recipient at the second ceremony was Zackery Wong, who graduated with an associate degree in graphic design with a 4.0 GPA. Wong also was the recipient of the Outstanding Achievement in Graphic Design Award and will transfer to Kean University. “Our graduating class of 2023 is a diverse group of students of different ages and backgrounds. We are proud of their drive and determination to achieve their goal of earning a college degree,” stated Union’s President Dr. Margaret M. McMenamin. “This group has seen their education through a pandemic, persevered, and received their college diploma. I am excited to see what they accomplish as they continue their journey.” Union College of Union County, NJ is a public, comprehensive community college that provides quality, affordable, accessible educational programs to the greater Union County region. It is the first of New Jersey’s 18 two-year colleges, serving both career-minded and transfer-oriented students since 1933. The College offers a wide variety of academic and extracurricular activities. There more than 65 programs of study including Communications, eSports Management, Engineering, Health Information Technology. Students can participate in clubs, honor societies, and a full array of NJCAA athletics beyond Esports including basketball, baseball, lacrosse, soccer, wrestling, and more. The College offers many experiential learning opportunities such as access to a Bloomberg Business Center, eSports room, Innovation Center, and Student Research hub. Additionally, students at Union will be attending one of the top 25 community colleges in the country as designated by the Aspen Institute College Excellence Program. 
https://www.ucc.edu/blog/2023/05/18/beat-the-heat-at-union-college-of-union-county-new-jerseys-summer-college-program/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College of Union County, New Jersey is hosting a unique opportunity for rising high school juniors and seniors – the chance to earn college credits for free! The Summer College Program begins July 5 and runs through August 15 with students eligible to earn up to 6 college credits. Besides learning in a college environment, students will attend various workshops and engagement events to enhance their learning potential and develop their leadership skills. As they begin their time at Union, students will take one STEM course and one English course. The goal of this year’s summer program is to accelerate academic momentum, work towards retention and completion goals, and participation in college readiness workshops and career exploration. Students will have access to tutoring in the Academic Learning Center as well as advisement sessions. In order to qualify for this program, a student must be a rising junior or senior residing in Union County. Further eligibility is determined by the United States Department of Agriculture 2022-23 Income Eligibility Guidelines. In addition to academic courses, students will have the opportunity to grow through various workshops and engagement events. W.I.S.E. Owl Sessions will focus on activities to enhance the student’s ability to win, innovate, succeed, and excel. Personal Wellness sessions will teach students habits that can promote physical, mental, and emotional well-being to enhance their mindset. Club Kick-Back, led by Union’s College Life team, will provide opportunities to network with other students, check-in about their experience for the week, and learn about student clubs on campus. Space is limited for Union’s Summer College Program. For more information, contact Tawn Walker, Coordinator of High School Initiatives at Dualenrollment@ucc.edu or by phone at 732-347-6467. Union College of Union County, NJ is a public, comprehensive community college that provides quality, affordable, accessible educational programs to the greater Union County region. It is the first of New Jersey’s 18 two-year colleges, serving both career-minded and transfer-oriented students since 1933. The College offers a wide variety of academic and extracurricular activities. There more than 65 programs of study including Communications, eSports Management, Engineering, Health Information Technology. Students can participate in clubs, honor societies, and a full array of NJCAA athletics beyond Esports including basketball, baseball, lacrosse, soccer, wrestling, and more. The College offers many experiential learning opportunities such as access to a Bloomberg Business Center, eSports room, Innovation Center, and Student Research hub. Additionally, students at Union will be attending one of the top 25 community colleges in the country as designated by the Aspen Institute College Excellence Program. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/visit-campus/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome! Union offers multiple methods for you to explore our offerings and contact us. Contact Union by Phone Start Virtual Chat Not sure whom to contact? Call 908-709-7000 or start a video chat for any general inquiries. We look forward to helping you. Employee and Department Contact info: Contact a Student Services Representative The Student Services team is now also accessible via video call! If you can’t make it to the student services center, current and prospective students are encouraged to reach out via Remote Student Services. Explore Campuses Union has campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield, and Scotch Plains, New Jersey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/visit-campus/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome! Union offers multiple methods for you to explore our offerings and contact us. Contact Union by Phone Start Virtual Chat Not sure whom to contact? Call 908-709-7000 or start a video chat for any general inquiries. We look forward to helping you. Employee and Department Contact info: Contact a Student Services Representative The Student Services team is now also accessible via video call! If you can’t make it to the student services center, current and prospective students are encouraged to reach out via Remote Student Services. Explore Campuses Union has campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield, and Scotch Plains, New Jersey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/visit-campus/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Welcome! Union offers multiple methods for you to explore our offerings and contact us. Contact Union by Phone Start Virtual Chat Not sure whom to contact? Call 908-709-7000 or start a video chat for any general inquiries. We look forward to helping you. Employee and Department Contact info: Contact a Student Services Representative The Student Services team is now also accessible via video call! If you can’t make it to the student services center, current and prospective students are encouraged to reach out via Remote Student Services. Explore Campuses Union has campuses in Cranford, Elizabeth, Plainfield, and Scotch Plains, New Jersey. 
https://www.ucc.edu/discover-union/student-consumer-information/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College To help prospective and current students locate important information about Union College, this webpage collects links to helpful information on a variety of subjects, including  academic programs at Union College, cost of attendance, financial aid and Nondiscrimination Statement. In addition, the content on this page meets federal reporting and disclosure requirements for information outlined in the Higher Education Opportunity Act. ACADEMICS AND STUDENT LIFE CAMPUS SAFETY NON-DISCRIMINATION AND LEGAL ISSUES ENROLLMENT AND OUTCOMES MEASURES FINANCIAL INFORMATION INSTITUTIONAL RESEARCH ACCREDITATION  
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/purchasing/vendor-opportunities/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College seeks a fair and open, competitive solicitations process pursuant to College
                    Contracts Law N.J.S.A. 18A:64A-25.1 et seq. and compliant with political contribution
                    disclosures within N.J.S.A. 19:44A-20.5. 
https://ucc.peopleadmin.com/
 If you take pride in your work, strive to make a difference, have a passion for excellence and want to be recognized and rewarded for your contributions, we want to hear from you.

At Union College the personal rewards are endless and the benefits are outstanding. For more than eighty years, we have provided county residents with affordable access to higher education by providing quality, innovative and flexible programs and services. We offer competitive salaries for full-time employees combined with a comprehensive benefits package that creates an outstanding total rewards package, including medical, dental, pension, and vision plans. The College also offers generous paid time-off, a summer work schedule, tuition remission, and tuition reimbursement.

We invite you to review our current openings and submit your information for consideration.

Applications will be accepted on-line only. 



 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/institutional-research/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Assessment, Planning and Research The goal of the department is to design, implement and maintain a program of assessment, planning and research consistent with the mission, goals and objectives of the College for the purposes of institutional management, policy formulation, decision-making, evaluation, accountability and development. To access the results of the 2018 Economic Impact Study, please follow the links below: The department’s top objective is to provide timely and accurate information to our community of stakeholders as well as external agencies (e.g., the New Jersey Office of the Secretary of Higher Education, the Middle States Commission on Higher Education and the US Department of Education) to fulfill mandated reporting requirements. We invite you to view our common data set for institutional characteristics and figures; our disclosures page for information regarding the Student-Right-to-Know Act; and our excellence and accountability page to view our annual institutional profile, job placement rates, licensure examination pass rates and distinguishing features. For additional information regarding the College’s statistical data including financial aid, net price of attendance and student loan default rates, please visit the College Navigator National Center for Education Statistics and the Student Consumer Information Page. 
https://www.ucc.edu/library
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.ucc.edu/administration/the-office-for-equal-opportunity/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College 
https://www.tiktok.com/@unioncollege_nj
 Switch between light or dark mode here Log in to follow creators, like videos, and view comments. Karol G Shakira Gordon Ramsay The Rock Ryan Reynolds JLO Bad Bunny rauwalejandro ladygaga Jason Derulo Sam Smith Selena Gomez Post Malone Terry Crews Miley Cyrus Ed Sheeran The Weeknd Taylor Swift marshmello Kevin Hart Nicki Minaj Steve Harvey daddyyankee ShaqDieselONeal Snoop Dogg Justin Timberlake Arnold jaredleto Bruno Mars See all petsoftiktok couplestiktok makeuptutorial Forever - Labrinth Quinceañera - Banda Machos Hasta la Raíz - Natalia Lafourcade wrestlemania springcleaning The Assignment - Tay Money Triple S - YN Jay & Louie Ray Videos Favorites Liked 
https://www.instagram.com/unioncollege_nj/
 
https://www.facebook.com/UnionCollegeNJ
 
https://twitter.com/UnionCollege_NJ
 We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using twitter.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center. Help Center 
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Imprint
Ads info
      © 2023 X Corp.
     
https://www.linkedin.com/school/union-county-college
 
https://www.ucc.edu/admissions/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College How do I apply? Can I afford this?Is a Union College Education the right investment for me?! We’re excited you’re exploring applying to Union College and understand you have questions. Here you will find answers to most of your questions, along with contact information to connect you with those who can answer the rest. The “Apply Now!” page details how different students can apply to Union College. This page also includes a link to Union’s online application portal for when you are ready to apply. The “Paying for College & Financial Aid” page breaks down how much tuition and fees cost at Union, along with providing info on potential sources of funding.  Scholarships, grants, and loans are among a number resources that can make a Union College education affordable. Want to connect with an Admissions Counselor or a Student Service Representative from the comfort of your own home? No problem! Union regularly offers both in-person and virtual info sessions for prospective students. Check out the “Visit & Connect” page for full details. 
https://www.ucc.edu/academics
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College has available over 60 degree and certificate programs and provides a wide range of services to support student success.  The college offers two-year programs leading to degrees in Associate in Arts (AA) and Associate in Science (AS). Students who satisfactorily complete these two-year programs may transfer to four-year institutions for their junior and senior years.  Many programs lead to the Associate in Applied Science (AAS) degree, the Certificate or Diploma, after which students may choose to conclude their formal education and seek employment in their fields of study. Our faculty and staff are experts in their fields and are committed to academic excellence in a supportive and nurturing environment. Kindly visit our individual division web pages for more detailed information about our courses and programs. 
https://www.ucc.edu/continuing-and-professional-education-and-workforce-development/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union College is committed to developing partnerships with business, industry, hospitals and professional and governmental groups to meet the changing workforce requirements of our region and also to serve as a learning center for the community and surrounding areas. Union College has developed and continues to develop innovative programs which provide lifelong learning, job training, career-enhancing professional certifications and enrichment for the College’s neighbors of all ages.   
https://www.ucc.edu/campus-life/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College In an effort to help students take full advantage of their college experience, there are many opportunities for students to get involved. Whether it is in Student Government, student activities and clubs, or varsity sports, these opportunities assists students in developing leadership skills, lifelong friendships, and meaningful connections with others on campus. 
https://www.ucc.edu/union-county-college-foundation/
 Union College – NJ Discover Union College Union County College Foundation The Union County College Foundation was established in 1977 with the mission of supporting the educational needs of Union College students by providing resources not available through public funding. Foundation dollars provide support for scholarships, equipment, facilities, academic programs and special projects. Union County College Foundation
1033 Springfield Avenue
Cranford, NJ 07016 Hours:
Monday – Friday
8:30am to 4:30pm
(908) 709-7505 View Douglas Rouse Contact Info View Brittney Mack Contact Info View Kaitlyn Veliz Contact Info 
